\paulg- "Researchers who have examined the genomes of two coronavirus infections in Washington State say the similarities b… 
\paulg- "In the past week, Covid-19 has started behaving a lot like the once-in-a-century pathogen we’ve been worried about… 
\paulg- People I follow from whom I've learned interesting things about Covid-19: @robinhanson, @NAChristakis, @chr1sa,… 
\paulg- People I followed on Twitter simply because they seemed independent-minded have turned out to be a valuable source… 
\paulg- Suddenly my Twitter feed is full of people (presumably nearly all Democratic voters) criticizing Bernie Sanders. Do… 
\paulg- Austen is being diplomatic here. That whole article in NY Magazine was based on a confusion of two different metric… 
\paulg- Interview with Writing Routines: 
\paulg- America: Let's have a party. I'll bring the software! China: I'll bring the hardware! EU: I'll bring the regulation! America, China: 
\paulg- "Great. So you're saying I'll drink too much alcohol, take lots of drugs, and get really depressed." — 7 yo when I… 
\paulg- If you start a startup that can only reach users by doing deals with big companies, the default outcome will be tha… 
\paulg- How to Write Usefully: 
\paulg- 7 yo looks happier lately, but it may just be because he now has front teeth. 
\paulg- Ambitious people regard other ambitious people, even in different fields, as colleagues. So they are not the ones c… 
\paulg- One of the things that strikes me about Brian as a founder is his genuine interest in new ideas. He's not just exec… 
\paulg- "'I have never in my years seen an r-squared of 0.99,' Goodman says. 'As a statistician, it makes me question the d… 
\paulg- When internet mobs go after nerds, they don't realize that they're attacking the people with the strongest acquired… 
\paulg- Evolution solves problems by individual organisms failing to. 
\paulg- "All Front employees who average less than two hours per day on their phone get $200 each month, no strings attache… 
\paulg- Max Roser too made something that he himself wanted: 
\paulg- We always liked it when we asked founders what we needed to fix about Y Combinator, and they said the food, because… 
\paulg- Using publication date as the test of scientific priority gives you high precision at the expense of accuracy. 
\paulg- If there is the tiniest difference between the behavior you want and the incentives you offer, people will find it. 
\paulg- Question for advertising experts: What percent of Google's revenue would disappear if companies stopped buying traf… 
\paulg- Proportion of UNC students who said it was OK to prevent a campus speaker from speaking: Liberals 19%, Moderates 3… 
\paulg- Area man avoids shaking hands because of coronavirus. But because Area is Silicon Valley, this is somehow news. E… 
\paulg- If you do or say something embarrassing when meeting a famous person, take comfort in the fact that they are about… 
\paulg- Hypothesis: One reason Democratic candidates can't jettison the far left in order to be what James Carville called… 
\paulg- "Back in high school I told my dad, 'I'm going to have a computer someday.' And he said that it cost as much as a h… 
\paulg- This interview with Wozniak has so many lessons: 
\paulg- In many articles I see, it's sufficient to read the first sentence of each paragraph. My goal when writing is to make that not work. 
\paulg- This is a very interesting window into the degree of disunity in the White House. (Which seems a good thing, since… 
\paulg- A startup reported their ARR has reached $99.9m. I know two things from this: their ARR, and that they don't fudge their numbers. 
\paulg- It's surprising how often the right thing to do is nothing. 
\paulg- One surprising thing I've learned from being a parent is that kids often know the words for things they're not supp… 
\paulg- Idea derived from a suggestion by @lisperati: what if there was an upper bound on the amount of code in a product,… 
\paulg- 
\paulg- "It tastes like that cough medicine that I usually have that I *really* like." — 7 yo after tasting red wine (I'm… 
\paulg- Conversely, the worst thing you can do is say something controversial in one tweet, and then put the qualifying sta… 
\paulg- One trick for avoiding Twitter mobs is to try to arrange that no individual tweet is exciting as the subject of a q… 
\paulg- Watch Robert Palladino, the calligrapher whose class Steve Jobs audited at Reed. 
\paulg- 8% of global CO2 emissions are due to cement production, and most of that is due to the manufacture of one ingredie… 
\paulg- An essay I'm writing got so long that I decided to turn it into a book. Now instead of complaining that my essay is… 
\paulg- Why is the cutoff $200 million a year? Can a company make $50 million a year without cheating? How do they know? 
\paulg- Politicians who say that no one can become a billionaire without cheating are effectively saying that no company ca… 
\paulg- A fascinating bit of detective work. @DrSueOosthuizen does threads as well as @humansofny. 
\paulg- In programming, writing, and investing, I've found one of the most useful questions you can ask is "Is there a patt… 
\paulg- Is there anywhere people violate Occam's razor more than when attributing motives to others? When attributing moti… 
\paulg- This thread is worth reading. It's better than most popular books about ideas, and much shorter. 
\paulg- Venture debt is like a delicious sandwich that only costs ten cents, but occasionally explodes in your face. If I… 
\paulg- Unless they're based on numbers, lists of "the x most y people in z" never are. 
\paulg- If founders today feel clueless, believe me, you cannot possibly complete with founders in Boston in the 1990s. 
\paulg- I first understood how unusual startup growth was when I explained to my then girlfriend's father that our growth r… 
\paulg- 人生は短い 
\paulg- The best defense against ideology may be the concept of a "bien pensant," someone who believes exactly what's consi… 
\paulg- The counterintuitiveness of this principle, which is easily misrepresented as mere stupidity, is exactly what makes it so valuable. 
\paulg- The fact that "Move fast and break stuff" has been adopted by tech haters as a stick to beat tech with doesn't make… 
\paulg- The advice I give to founders raising money for the first time — to first ask yourself "are we actually a good inve… 
\paulg- This is why startups grow. They make something customers love so much that they spontaneously recommend it. It's th… 
\paulg- New hires may not see the need to delight customers. If they came from established companies, the whole concept may… 
\paulg- Newly founded startups have no choice but to delight their customers. They don't have enough power to maltreat them… 
\paulg- Scientists, essayists, and startup founders are all looking for anomalies: the places where our model of the world doesn't match the world. 
\paulg- It's remarkable how well the Porsche 928 has aged. 
\paulg- Beware of lists in which each word begins with the same letter. This technique is in effect an error-assuring code.… 
\paulg- The #1 cause of startup death is making something no one wants. The #2 cause is spending too much. Those two accoun… 
\paulg- After I finished Bel, I started writing essays again. This is what it looked like to the server. (The first spike i… 
\paulg- English Winter: Pardon the inconvenience. Spring and Summer will return shortly. Would you like some Rain while you… 
\paulg- The good news is, he didn't trip over any of the sentences. The bad news is that he only got through 4 paragraphs b… 
\paulg- Bribed 7 yo with Skittles to read a new essay out loud, so I could see which sentences a reader might trip over. It… 
\paulg- One of the dangers of making abstract sculpture is that you compete with, and lose to, things that are not even eve… 
\paulg- Andrew Sullivan's brilliant analysis of the cancellation of Alastair Stewart. If you want to learn how to write wel… 
\paulg- 7 yo: Are ghosts afraid of other ghosts? Me: I wouldn't think so. 7 yo: That's why I want to be a ghost. So I won't be afraid of ghosts. 
\paulg- "I can't remember such a dramatic improvement in ease of coding (my computing timeline begins with the Apple IIc)."… 
\paulg- Everyone wants to blame Mark Zuckerberg for polarization and fake news. But if social media were fragmented into a… 
\paulg- Just heard from a successful startup founder with a side project developing technology to fix climate change. If yo… 
\paulg- Someone who copies you is just copying one frame out of a video. If you keep going, you'll find that their video di… 
\paulg- When the standard airline cabin was designed (the 707 in the early 1950s), flights were about 63% full. Now they're… 
\paulg- If you want to have lots of ideas, walk up mountains. That sounds like a metaphor, but I mean it literally. It's li… 
\paulg- How many investors and founders use these docs without even realizing they're playing a game whose rules Carolynn i… 
\paulg- She has twice rewritten the way startups are funded. She was the one who switched the Valley to convertible notes.… 
\paulg- Jessica and I were talking about who in Silicon Valley has had the most effect in proportion to how well they're kn… 
\paulg- Être un noob: 
\paulg- Kill Sticky makes browsing the web a lot better, especially if you're using a small screen. It's like a graphic pai… 
\paulg- Being a Noob: 
\paulg- You know how in detective stories the detective is sometimes suspicious of an explanation because it's too neat? Th… 
\paulg- Something I explained to my 10 yo last night: Some areas of science and technology will advance a lot more than oth… 
\paulg- This makes a good point. Trump seemed unelectable, and he won. Maybe Bernie Sanders can do it too. 
\paulg- When someone that you know is smart and reasonable has an idea that sounds crazy, that's usually a good bet. 
\paulg- I know how many printed pages essays are because I almost always print them out when working on them. Mistakes seem… 
\paulg- People often ask how long I spend on essays. On average about 2 days per printed page. But it varies a lot. "The Re… 
\paulg- I love it when people tell me a startup idea that goes against most current trends. 
\paulg- When someone replies to a statement you made by calling you names, they're implicitly saying that's it's true. Othe… 
\paulg- This explains something I never realized: landlords who finance their buildings with mortgages instead of owning th… 
\paulg- It just makes economic inequality more persistent if, while rich kids are being taught the recipe for wealth,… 
\paulg- "I'm a kid. You can lecture me if I still do it when I'm 26." — 7 yo after I grumbled at suddenly being handed his half-eaten hot dog 
\paulg- Interesting point in favor of carbon capture: it may simply be cheaper than decreasing emissions to zero in the fie… 
\paulg- The Star Trek people should let the government use the logo, but only if they copy all the rest of the uniform as well. 
\paulg- I never realized this before, but when people flee your state to escape high taxes, it doesn't just cost you money,… 
\paulg- If you care about ideas, read this brilliantly written essay about the "stifling orthodoxy" that Twitter mobs impos… 
\paulg- If someone mentions your race or sex or ethnicity when criticizing you, you can usually assume that this is the rea… 
\paulg- This is terrible news. Clayton Christensen invented a lot of the ideas we now take for granted in the startup world… 
\paulg- One thing you can say for the GDPR: unlike a lot of EU regulations, it's not protectionist. It entrenches the power… 
\paulg- Modern life was basically invented in the low countries and in northern Italy, and the Netherlands, at least, still seem to be in the lead. 
\paulg- The Netherlands has one of the highest population densities in the world, 507 people per square kilometer, and yet… 
\paulg- الكارهون 
\paulg- When Judith Butler, Joyce Carol Oates, J. M. Coetzee, Steven Pinker, and Salman Rushdie are on one side and a handf… 
\paulg- Every time I get an email saying "just bumping this up in your inbox," it reminds me of the huge startup that's missing. 
\paulg- "I don't think I go to bed too late. I'm pretty sure it's because you get me up too early." — 7 yo when we told hi… 
\paulg- "Let me get this straight" is a signal that the opposite is about to happen. 
\paulg- The paywall model may keep publications from going out of business, but it greatly decreases their influence. Now they're just newsletters. 
\paulg- The Financial Times published an important (sounding) article about politics recently. I sent a link to a very well… 
\paulg- One novel consequence of the new paywall model of journalism is that only your subscribers even see your articles.… 
\paulg- We discovered a very effective new way to make our boys drink more water. Burping contests. To his great delight, 7… 
\paulg- Could our historically low interest rates and historically high house prices have some other connection besides the… 
\paulg- I know one effective trick for getting kids to go to bed without complaining, but it only works 1/365 of the time:… 
\paulg- If you could fix one thing about Twitter, what would it be? 
\paulg- Sometimes 7 yo tells the bedtime story instead of me. Tonight it was about some thieves who robbed a bank armed wit… 
\paulg- Most nights our sons react to the announcement that it's bedtime as if bedtime were some new thing we'd just invent… 
\paulg- A place for cars is not a place for people. 
\paulg- One reason startups are on average less evil than other businesses is that the best way to start a startup is to ma… 
\paulg- If the Alps were GCI, it would seem like they'd overdone it. 
\paulg- Awkwardly, one of the taboos among the US left is talking about how many things are taboo to talk about. 
\paulg- "Extraordinary institutions such as MIT and Cal Tech have never entertained legacy preferences, and the University… 
\paulg- This page (via @gregvardyza) has one of the highest ratios of value to production values on the web. 
\paulg- My 7 yo grades my bedtime stories, and though I should know better, I find these grades highly motivating. I'm stil… 
\paulg- Bedtime: 7 yo: Will you tell me a story? Me: Are you going to hit me in the face with a slipper again? 7 yo: I t… 
\paulg- I was curious how many "unicorns" there are now. Looking down this list I was surprised how many familiar names I s… 
\paulg- If you ask parents what they want for their kids, many will say "I just want them to be happy." But there are drugs… 
\paulg- "Each time, sometimes within seconds, I was notified by Facebook that, upon studied and serious review from a Faceb… 
\paulg- كيفية صنع الثروة 
\paulg- New game with 7 yo: Deliver Star Wars characters' lines in different accents. Funniest so far is Darth Vader with a Welsh accent. 
\paulg- "In no area in recent years has the NYT made itself more ridiculous than on the subject of the United Kingdom." 
\paulg- In a hangar in Colorado, the first civilian supersonic aircraft since the Concorde, the Boom XB-1, is being built r… 
\paulg- I know an essay is getting somewhere when I back up the current draft to a second place. 
\paulg- ケイトがシリコンバレーで見たもの 
\paulg- If your startup is out of money, it's usually a delusion to think you can avoid disaster by getting bought. But sta… 
\paulg- Climate change is now the number one worry of the powerful. Which means those who don't worry about it (or think "A… 
\paulg- It's easy to ridicule overconfidence. And indeed, it has its disadvantages. But it's just what you need if you want… 
\paulg- Подборка 143 переводов эссе Пола Грэма (из 184): 
\paulg- In 1950 the Teamsters were so powerful they could have prevented Uber and Lyft from existing at all, except on thei… 
\paulg- All the harm done to other types of freelancers in California was merely collateral damage of the Teamsters' pursuit of Uber and Lyft. 
\paulg- In truth though it's not fair to imply this bill was ideologically driven. This was apparently a classic old-style… 
\paulg- The far left considers it backward to ban sexual relationships between consenting adults (I agree), but enlightened… 
\paulg- More than almost any other product, airliners are built in collaboration with the customer. 
\paulg- "Travelling from the surface of Earth to Earth orbit is one of the most energy intensive steps of going anywhere el… 
\paulg- A startup sent a revenue graph that had a mysterious spike in it. I asked why. Answer: the Kardashians. 
\paulg- Zeitpläne von Machern und Managern: 
\paulg- "There's no smoke without fire" was never that true, but it's even less true now. There's smoke wherever smoke gets clicks. 
\paulg- "The members of Away’s board say they feel as if they fell victim to management by Twitter mob." Prediction: Organ… 
\paulg- Our 10 yo made fun of us for playing a song from 1969 in the kitchen. Jessica laughed him off, till I calculated th… 
\paulg- Unfortunately, though, in this one case I can't promise that if you build it, I'll use it. Unless I know you, I can… 
\paulg- Incidentally, if something like this doesn't already exist, it would be a great startup idea. I know from experienc… 
\paulg- Is there an easy way to build, or a startup that offers, something that will email you once a day asking "What's ha… 
\paulg- كيفية الاختلاف 
\paulg- アンチとの向き合い方 
\paulg- 10 yo asked when I'd let him and his 7 yo brother walk to school by themselves. I told him the task was not to get… 
\paulg- Explained to nervous 7 yo that me being on the floor above is the same as me being in the next room, just rotated 9… 
\paulg- "Good advice is abundant but near impossible to recognize without failure." – Erik Peterson 
\paulg- ""It’s been tried before" is only valid at quite a high resolution." – Michael Mayer 
\paulg- If you use the same threshold for the whole period and include all sources of income, the US poverty rate fell from… 
\paulg- "NIRP is very possibly laying the groundwork for a massive debt crisis which will be as obvious to our children, in… 
\paulg- I've noticed this with startups, especially Airbnb. When they started YC, they were only about 4 tweaks from taking… 
\paulg- This is really good. When you're trying to do something new and it's not working, you don't know whether that's bec… 
\paulg- If you want a job that really will improve the world, work on figuring out the current state of it. Many differen… 
\paulg- I changed the title. Shorter titles are better. 
\paulg- Me: What do you think are your brother's biggest strengths and weaknesses? 7 yo: His biggest strength is playing v… 
\paulg- Fans and Haters: 
\paulg- We support our candidate despite his flaws, but our opponents support their candidate because of his flaws. 
\paulg- What has your work taught you that other people don't realize? 
\paulg- People who judge works made in the past according to present-day moral standards are like Americans who travel abro… 
\paulg- One thing ordinary people often don't realize about nerds is that there are fierce ones as well as mild-mannered ones. 
\paulg- 10 yo confessed that when he impressed me as a little kid by reading a whole book for the first time, he'd actually… 
\paulg- No social media platform has had a longer ascent than reddit. It was founded in 2005, and in 2019 interest still ha… 
\paulg- I don't remember most tweets, but I remember this one. You could have made so much money investing in Stripe in 201… 
\paulg- Lacker's Law: 
\paulg- 10 yo: They only made Star Wars to make money. 7 yo: If nobody did anything to make money, we'd still be cavemen.… 
\paulg- Sorry for publicizing your discussion, guys, but I had just seen a trollish tweet and I was struck by how exactly t… 
\paulg- I wish there were a name for this. It's the opposite of trolling. Whereas trolling is loud, mean, dumb, and useless… 
\paulg- 2種類の穏健派 
\paulg- "'The newer machines, any time something breaks, you’ve got to have a computer to fix it,' Stock said." 
\paulg- لماذا تتركز الشركات الناشئة في أمريكا 
\paulg- SoftBank's weaselly explanation ("our investment process is more rigorous than unregulated investors and typical VC… 
\paulg- Whoah, SoftBank is breaking termsheets. Watch out, founders. This is one of the most damaging things that can happe… 
\paulg- Many if not most "luxury brands" prey upon people who have lots of money but don't know how to live, and hope they… 
\paulg- Cofounders will often talk each other into being bolder than either would have been alone. This principle is way b… 
\paulg- It's not because startups require multiple different skills that it's a good idea to have cofounders. The main reas… 
\paulg- "Overall our results provide preliminary data to suggest that television viewing for more than 3.5 hours per day is… 
\paulg- Big Things Done Fast: 
\paulg- 般的なことと驚くべきこと 
\paulg- If you have a valid startup idea now but know there's another idea you want to work on later, after you get more ex… 
\paulg- كيف نشأ وادي السيليكون 
\paulg- Midcentury Modern design often manages to be both punchy and restful at the same time. We take it for granted, but… 
\paulg- "Beef sales declined by 4 percent and pork by 6.4 percent." 
\paulg- Apparently several countries have kompromat on Trump, not just Russia. But a former diplomat pointed out something… 
\paulg- Viaweb's first business plan, from August 1995. We were still figuring out how to describe what later came to be ca… 
\paulg- Me: It's going to be the Roaring 20s again. 7 yo: What if they don't roar? What if people don't have lots of parties? 
\paulg- If you're an investor and you meet a founder you feel is truly playing the long game, it's scary not to fund them. 
\paulg- A secret for discovering really great things: look for things that are said to have a "cult" following. Sometimes t… 
\paulg- Something I taught my 7 yo yesterday: When someone loves someone else, it doesn't just make the loved person happy.… 
\paulg- "It will lead to more successful graduation outcomes." 
\paulg- Cartoon by 7 yo. "No, I said bones. These are sporks." 
\paulg- Why the death penalty is a bad idea: James Dailey is on death row despite the fact that an investigation concluded… 
\paulg- Explained to my sons that war is actually horrible, but boys think it's exciting because they imagine it's like the… 
\paulg- "I like "Stanley," because he created Spiderman." — 7 yo on good names for kids 
\paulg- "Officials called them “kindness students,” referring to the party’s generosity in making special arrangements for… 
\paulg- As a parent, I wish I knew whether I should worry about this. I don't love it, but maybe I'm just old fashioned. A… 
\paulg- One of the big differences between my children and myself as a child is that my kids never want to leave the house.… 
\paulg- Our houses are in denial about how we live. 
\paulg- Y Combinator gave $15k grants to 41 companies in 15 countries. 
\paulg- Told 7 yo I wrote an essay about having kids. He asked if there was anything about him in it. I showed him the para… 
\paulg- The Two Kinds of Moderate: 
\paulg- Think twice about building a business on a platform some other company controls. The more popular the platform is,… 
\paulg- Something I taught my 10 yo: If you're naturally competitive, instead of spreading a thin layer of it across all of… 
\paulg- Knowing the current state of the world is a prerequisite for making it better, and no one does this more effectivel… 
\paulg- Empirically, it seems the way to "avoid" work is to do kinds of work that don't feel like work to you. The prevalen… 
\paulg- It would be convenient if you could do great work by working only moderately hard. Maybe there are some people who… 
\paulg- If you know the people involved, this picture by Jim Wilson is a truly great one. Their body language is almost com… 
\paulg- "As part of the "Pair Up and Become Family" programme, Han Chinese men stay with and sleep in the same beds as Uigh… 
\paulg- It's Christmas day, and all over the world, ordinary people are puzzling over UIs that designers hoped other design… 
\paulg- By default, the time and effort required to set up a new device will be just short of intolerable. 
\paulg- Update: It took about an hour and a half. Parkinson's Law seems to be in effect here. If it took a day to set up a… 
\paulg- The author worries this is "a potential disaster for higher education, our country and in particular, our youth," b… 
\paulg- 45% fewer 18-29 year olds say a college education is "very important" than did in 2013. That's a huge change in som… 
\paulg- Does the sentence "Install the app to set up your device and create an account" scare you? It sure scares me. To me… 
\paulg- Whoah, of the top 100 most popular domains, only 2 are in the EU and neither porn sites nor subsidiaries of US comp… 
\paulg- Interest in Replit is growing exponentially, but when a business is seasonal, it can take 3 years for this to be cl… 
\paulg- Вредные уроки: 
\paulg- Even Thomas Edison initially made the mistake of making something he thought people should want, but that they didn… 
\paulg- (Somewhat optimistic) prediction: future generations will view our consumption of outrage the way we view past gene… 
\paulg- To those against economic growth: notice the dots in this animation move southeast, not due south. And that's a log… 
\paulg- Fashionable Problems: (If this sounds familiar to anyone, it started as a series of tweets.) 
\paulg- People are good at not noticing things they could do, but would be really hard. 
\paulg- More startups have a chance of becoming really big than their founders realize (or want to admit to themselves). Th… 
\paulg- It's not just that I hate decks. Explaining a startup in conversation is a much more exacting test. 
\paulg- I have never voluntarily looked at a startup's deck. As soon as a founder starts to open their laptop, I ask them t… 
\paulg- The puzzling thing about this is the right to invest. Surely founders who'd pay a "deck designer" $20-40k are the l… 
\paulg- Took 7 yo to New York City for the first time. His favorite foods are hot dogs and pretzels. He could not believe t… 
\paulg- This is in addition to the three that get the most traffic: 
\paulg- Several people asked which essays are my favorites: 
\paulg- I was curious which essays get the most page views. 1. Maker's Schedule, Manager's Schedule:… 
\paulg- "I skimmed it. It was good." – as good a review as I'm going to get from Ron Conway 
\paulg- I've been doing yoga for 15 years. I'd noticed I think better after it, but I didn't realize it had lasting effects… 
\paulg- A fabulous collection of reconstructions of Byzantine buildings: 
\paulg- When politicians commit to emissions targets, it would be more convincing if (a) the dates were in the fairly near… 
\paulg- Having Kids: 
\paulg- "The countries that empower women also empower them, indirectly, to pick whatever career they’d enjoy most and be b… 
\paulg- The future of nuclear reactors is small. 
\paulg- Interesting. This is sort of like RSS from the other direction. 
\paulg- The last sentence in a paragraph is the one that's mostly likely to be deletable. 
\paulg- (This is true before college too of course, but I actively discourage people from trying to start startups too youn… 
\paulg- If you're in college and you can make something your friends use consistently (i.e. they'd be bummed if you shut it… 
\paulg- It would be funny if, a generation from now, the kids of today's twenty-somethings make fun of them for constantly… 
\paulg- Don't try to be novel simultaneously in two completely unrelated ways. It will decrease your chances of succeeding in the one that matters. 
\paulg- I admired Ron Conway's coat and asked where he got it. He said someone left it at his house after a party 20 years… 
\paulg- I asked 7 yo what his policies would be if he were elected president. 1. Encourage the development of VR technolo… 
\paulg- "The Aurora is a revolutionary step forward towards providing nearly always-on clean power with no need for refueli… 
\paulg- It's interesting that the next form factor in computing isn't obvious yet. The Apple Watch and Alexa are doing ok,… 
\paulg- This suggests laziness is a big component of trolling, and that platforms could decrease it by making it take just a little extra work. 
\paulg- Saying something in an essay gets you trolled less than saying the same thing in a tweet. Partly because an essay h… 
\paulg- Step 1. Write article on "How to take back control from the Big Tech barons." Step 2. Put it on a site with a payw… 
\paulg- Location is a tool, and it's a mistake to buy cheap tools. 
\paulg- One reason the Bay Area is so expensive is that the way to make a successful startup is to make the right product,… 
\paulg- "Combining the cumulative effects of differences in obesity, homicide, car accidents, and drug abuse can likely ent… 
\paulg- "Over the past century, planned economies have produced an enormous amount of poverty and scarcity. What’s worse is… 
\paulg- The Lesson to Unlearn: 
\paulg- Something I taught my 7 yo on the way to school: Don't underestimate how many people you can help. One person can h… 
\paulg- Ideology is artificial stupidity. 
\paulg- Don't start a startup where you need to go through someone else to get users. 
\paulg- This will make you happy: 
\paulg- An IPO is often considered the ultimate test of success for a startup. But I think a better test may be when the in… 
\paulg- Words people want to ban: 
\paulg- Startup idea for whoever wants it: Now that formerly neutral(ish) "newspapers of record" have been forced to pick a… 
\paulg- Interesting how often unhappiness anticipates a bad event. It really is darkest before the dawn. The graphs about m… 
\paulg- Do x iff not having it is the main thing constraining your growth. Repeat. 
\paulg- 7 yo inventing Star Wars characters: 7 yo: Quir-Vin Noris was a Gungan. Me: And what was special about him? 7 yo: He wasn't annoying. 
\paulg- Jessica: Did you like the hot dog? 7 yo: I didn't *like* it. Jessica: You loved it? 7 yo: Way to steal my lines. 
\paulg- Today in bizarrely specific story requests from 7 yo, I had to tell a story about Anakin Skywalker with a Gungan pa… 
\paulg- One of the consistent differences I see between Silicon Valley and less developed startup hubs is that more compani… 
\paulg- When companies explicitly mention "synergies" with one another, it's usually a euphemism for something else. Real s… 
\paulg- All other things being equal, avoid "strategic" investors. What that word "strategic" means is that they have ulter… 
\paulg- I told 7 yo that Shakespeare's plays were in fact the Star Wars of their time. I expected him to be electrified by… 
\paulg- Explained to 7 yo that the phrase for what he is right now is "Star Wars scholar." I explained that lots of people… 
\paulg- There is no Twitter account I'm so consistently amazed by as @humansofny. Follow it and you'll see. 
\paulg- Now that I think about it, I can see why it's the funniest thing he's seen. Children's shows are so correct (not ju… 
\paulg- How, you ask, does my 7 yo know about weed? A parody of a children's TV series that he found on Youtube. I have never seen him laugh harder. 
\paulg- 7 yo: This is a drawing of what my mind looks like when I'm confused. Me: Is that thing a plant? 7 yo: That's wee… 
\paulg- I found this had disappeared from the web, so I put a copy on my site. How Y Combinator Started: 
\paulg- You'd learn a lot simply from asking the question. I bet quite a lot of people would say nothing would convince the… 
\paulg- Idea: Ask people who don't believe anthropogenic climate change is happening what would convince them that it is, t… 
\paulg- The spike immediately to the right of "What You'll Wish You'd Known" is the essay that Y Combinator grew out of, "H… 
\paulg- The first 5 years of traffic on from 1 April 2001 to 1 April 2006. Spikes are essays. The… 
\paulg- This is going to cause a lot of pain and erase a lot of history. Twitter could avoid it simply by archiving… 
\paulg- Great writing and great thinking converge. 
\paulg- An article in the Financial Times said Silicon Valley's most valuable lesson is hype. This is a common misconceptio… 
\paulg- Emergent behavior on people who have a book bought for them "pay it forward" by buying a b… 
\paulg- Cities that we think of as marvels from the past that we could not match were built by people much poorer than us. 
\paulg- "All three babies had been operated on their neck area. I was told it was to feed them through a tube on their neck… 
\paulg- 16 year old @jajoosam made a site where you can buy people books: 
\paulg- Novelty and Heresy: 
\paulg- "The largest mass internment of an ethnic-religious minority since the second world war." 
\paulg- They can have "disinterested" and "begs the question" when they pry them out of my cold, dead hands using a grocer's apostrophe. 
\paulg- In this last essay I realized I could skip including the references to the notes in the main text. It seems to have… 
\paulg- I didn't let myself write essays while I was working on Bel. The Refragmentation (https://t.co/RI91pKOH1E) took 3 m… 
\paulg- The Bus Ticket Theory of Genius: 
\paulg- I have a lot of pictures on my desktop. Nearly all are of family. I was curious who I have pictures of who aren't.… 
\paulg- This is setting off my important novel thing detector like nothing else I've read this week. 
\paulg- When people first learn that correlation is not identical with causation, they're so excited by the novelty of the… 
\paulg- Painters look at a painting upside down to notice flaws they've gotten used to. When you're writing something, you… 
\paulg- A rather alarming pair of graphs. Increased rule of law seems to make countries richer, and richer countries have h… 
\paulg- Minor secret of good writing: be locally unambiguous. Instead of "if you skip doing what you like to follow that pa… 
\paulg- As processing power grows, future versions of the cybertruck will have more curved lines. 
\paulg- "Extremist candidates do worse, because, contrary to rhetoric, they fail to galvanize their own base and instead en… 
\paulg- Something is nearly done when (a) the changes get very small and (b) you back out a lot of them. 
\paulg- Feature suggestion for Twitter: put the play button a little to the side. 
\paulg- An insightful article by Steven Levy, who was there from the beginning and knows what he's talking about. But even… 
\paulg- The 13th of a month is the best day to be born on, because it means you have no unlucky number. You don't count 13… 
\paulg- Me: This is an essay I'm writing. Did you know I write essays? 7 yo: Why would anyone want to read an essay? Me:… 
\paulg- 10 yo asked what age kids are the most difficult for parents. Told him newborns are the most overall load, but teen… 
\paulg- One of the worst things you can do to yourself is to avoid something good because it seems part of the identity of… 
\paulg- Showed 7 yo the Nandi Bushell video. I could practically hear the gears turning in his head. Now he knows what's po… 
\paulg- The scary thing about this graph is that it suggests we have another China-sized disaster in the pipeline, in the f… 
\paulg- This seems so surprising that it would be worth investigating further. 
\paulg- When you copy other people, they know that you copied them, and you don't know how they know. Whenever you copy s… 
\paulg- We unconsciously assume the permanence of the "enterprise" software business, in which great salespeople sell crap… 
\paulg- The "tech backlash" is a curious phenomenon. It consists almost entirely of news stories about the "tech backlash." 
\paulg- My 7 yo can be comically demanding in the bedtime story department. Today I was instructed to make up a story about… 
\paulg- This agrees with what I've observed. But the reason is not just that the business has changed, and journalists' att… 
\paulg- Product idea for whoever wants it. The Arsaga: a heated bar at counter height that you can lean against while havin… 
\paulg- The Trollope Rule: A work is truly great if people are still damning it with faint praise five generations after it was written. 
\paulg- Once a year, as Christmas approaches, we search for a picture in which our kids are standing still, have no chocola… 
\paulg- So not only is the conspiracy theory of wealth false, but you can get rich by disproving it. 
\paulg- It's the diametric opposite of the filter Y Combinator used. We actively screened out applicants who seemed dishone… 
\paulg- Incidentally, the VC business is the refutation of this view. If cheating were the way to make lots of money, VCs w… 
\paulg- In any other domain, no one feels the need for conspiracy theories to explain outliers. At anything else except mak… 
\paulg- Sid Sijbrandij's inexpensive trick for making your office look impressive to visitors. Assuming your usage stats ar… 
\paulg- As I explained to my son, one of the most important techniques for doing well on standardized tests is simply to go… 
\paulg- A test that's too easy becomes a test of carefulness rather than its subject matter. 
\paulg- Spelling correction is going to make this the era of malapropisms. 
\paulg- Incidentally, this could be the kind of project that leads to a startup. Once you're good at detecting cheating, yo… 
\paulg- The results should, of course, be presented in the form of a ranked list. If you set up a Kickstarter page for th… 
\paulg- Idea for anyone who wants it: detect which colleges have tried hardest to game college rankings. I know from spam f… 
\paulg- Our 10 yo and 7 yo have both decided to stop eating palm oil, so Jessica just tossed our Oreo stockpile. 
\paulg- "The persuadable voters in these states, many of them working class, say political correctness has gotten out of co… 
\paulg- Eventually this is going to cause a reaction like a stretched rubber band snapping when let go. 
\paulg- Curiously, San Francisco's brokenness may turn out to be a driver of innovation. I spoke recently to a founder cons… 
\paulg- I've never loved "think globally, act locally" as advice about activism. What's the chance that the people who need… 
\paulg- 7 yo independently discovered Pascal's Wager. I explained it also meant he had to believe in the giant robotic rab… 
\paulg- Meredith Frampton's portrait of Lutyens, 1935. 
\paulg- 7 yo has decided to stop eating Oreos and Pringles because they contain palm oil. 
\paulg- Cloudflare shows how to deal with patent trolls. Don't merely refuse to pay them, but actually counterattack. 
\paulg- Interesting UX dark pattern: When you want to make a message excessively large, in order to block so much of the sc… 
\paulg- Jessica: Everyone's gaslighting me. Me: You're probably just imagining it. 
\paulg- Our cats meow like a human imitating a cat. 
\paulg- Geoff Ralston Fact: Geoff Ralston did 400 pushups at YC interviews today. 
\paulg- Me: Ok, time to stop doing that. It's getting annoying. 7 yo: But that's what kazoos are for. 
\paulg- Interesting game to play with kids: do back of the envelope calculations about what percentage of sentences have ev… 
\paulg- MBA programs were where the money was when they took off in the 1980s. Big companies were where the money was, and… 
\paulg- Applications to US MBA programs fell 7% in one year. Now MBA programs are reinventing themselves to be more sociall… 
\paulg- 10 yo sat crushed for a bit after England lost. 20 minutes later he was outside practicing for the 2031 World Cup. 
\paulg- The web is 25 years old, and signing up for and paying for things is still broken. Why do you have to create an acc… 
\paulg- 10 yo thought the boxes of men's underwear in the local sports store contained artificial 6-packs, since that's wha… 
\paulg- "I'm not nagging you. I'm just reminding you." – 7 yo 
\paulg- I was explaining to someone from Ireland how American university admissions work, and I was embarrassed to have to… 
\paulg- Since Google, startups have aspired to make their names become verbs. But it's even more powerful if your name becomes a noun. 
\paulg- Sitting in a pub in the Welsh countryside I overheard some local people talking about Airbnb. What struck me was th… 
\paulg- A country where this happens is a broken country. 
\paulg- Reading Wycherley's "The Country Wife." I don't think you could get away with writing that play now. Strange to thi… 
\paulg- Except the company was a regiment in the Soviet army in 1952. Regimental commanders were paid about 3000 rubles a month, and privates 50. 
\paulg- I was shocked to read about a company in which the CEO was paid 60x as much as ordinary employees. Typical late stage capitalism, I thought. 
\paulg- Used bookshops are not for buying books cheaply. They're for discovering books you didn't know about. 
\paulg- (a) More mnemonic names tend to be over-specific (not all cdrs are tails), and (b) after a week of using Lisp, car… 
\paulg- As names, car and cdr are great: short, and just the right visual distance apart. The only argument against them is… 
\paulg- February 2007: The first dynamically balancing biped robot. 
\paulg- If you can make up a plausible-sounding story that some potential feature is meant as a practical joke on users, it's probably a bad idea. 
\paulg- The best protection against getting drawn into working on the same things as everyone else may be to genuinely love… 
\paulg- Some of the best places of all to find new ideas are fields that people think are played out, because they've alrea… 
\paulg- Even the smartest, most imaginative people are surprisingly conservative when deciding what to work on. People who… 
\paulg- A pattern I've seen in many different fields: even though many people have worked hard in the field, only a small f… 
\paulg- "I wanted a drum kit from 4 years old through to age 10 or 11, at which point I gave up asking. Instead from age 6… 
\paulg- It's 2007, and the New York Times is shocked that Facebook's valuation is nearly half of Yahoo's, and that Google i… 
\paulg- Bel was so much more work than you'd guess from looking at it. But this seemed a good sign. I can't stand wasting t… 
\paulg- If there is a better background noise to have in your house than a 7 year old laughing, I can't imagine what it is. 
\paulg- Jessica and 7 yo are up in his bedroom trying to assemble the drum kit she got him. In about an hour, life in our h… 
\paulg- What I've been working on for the last several years: Bel. 
\paulg- Came across this terrifying sentence in something I wrote 15 years ago: "If political cartoons portray your candid… 
\paulg- "Like most happy men he was blessed with eternal optimism." – Alfonso Lowe on Goldoni 
\paulg- A common recipe for inadvertent aromatherapy: 1. The obvious place for the bootroom is next to the back door. 2.… 
\paulg- Business Hall of Bootlickers 
\paulg- "People driving or riding in a sport utility vehicle in 2003 were nearly 11 percent more likely to die in an accide… 
\paulg- The Tesla Model 3 is the best-selling car in the Netherlands. 
\paulg- One useful thing about early investors: when you're powerful enough that you're surrounded by yes-men, they'll tell… 
\paulg- Twitter is an opportunistic infection of your time. 
\paulg- If you're trying to optimize something without profiling first, you're probably wasting your time. 
\paulg- If Elizabeth Warren were right that Facebook stifles innovation and should be broken up, startup investors would ag… 
\paulg- When you finish YC, they take you into a special room and tell you that fundraising is not success, but merely a me… 
\paulg- I like it that the Apple Watch monitors your heart, and I like it that the people running Apple are still sticking… 
\paulg- If you're writing something meant to last, it's a mistake to take pot shots at your opponents. If you're correct an… 
\paulg- "If there is an activity that you really enjoy, you're probably going to like watching other people do it with skil… 
\paulg- "This list sounds contrarian, but I think it’s actually the boring consensus view among people who are highly infor… 
\paulg- I've seen a lot of startups (literally thousands) but I've never seen one with user stories like Lambda School. 
\paulg- This is so good it's hard to choose a quote to pull, but I'll go with: "Bill Gates arrived on Earth as a Martian." 
\paulg- This would be an interesting question for people who study such things: are the dynamics of Twitter mobs different on weekends? 
\paulg- Twitter is both nicer and smarter on the weekends. It's like going back in time. Hypothesis: the sort of people who… 
\paulg- "We all know stress kills creativity. On-site childcare reduces pre-work and post-work driving at times when traffi… 
\paulg- Since people will ask: no, I'm not an investor in Zillow. I just know patent trolling when I see it. 
\paulg- Don't work for IBM. They're patent trolls. 
\paulg- Rule of law vs GDP per capita, courtesy of the Lexis Nexis Rule of Law Foundation. (I'm surprised China ranks so l… 
\paulg- This is a genuinely good startup idea. Not so much in itself as for the beachhead it could give you. But if you wor… 
\paulg- "Hard tech companies that apply to YC actually have about a 10x higher acceptance rate than other kinds of applicat… 
\paulg- If you're interested in the history of YC, I think this book is good. (I say "I think" because I haven't read all o… 
\paulg- Finally we have numbers about a practice everyone knows is corrupt, and they're even worse than I expected: "The a… 
\paulg- "Burgeoning" is one of those words that doesn't occur in spoken English. You only see it when people switch into th… 
\paulg- Jessica enabled parental controls on Netflix. 10 yo figured out the password. Then Jessica forgot the password. Now… 
\paulg- Boghossian and Lindsay on how to disagree: 
\paulg- The first sentences of two stories that end badly: You've invented valuable technology, and you just need to find… 
\paulg- Hypothesis: Anything people are advised to buy automatically (at the market price, but regardless of what it is) wi… 
\paulg- Being able to create something may be a necessary condition for understanding it, but it is not, as all programmers know, a sufficient one. 
\paulg- "What I cannot create, I do not understand." – Feynman 
\paulg- If we extended human lifespans sufficiently, everyone would be cancelled. The drift in moral fashion would ensure t… 
\paulg- "I thought they were going to be roadkill and would get squashed by one of the big internet companies." – Paul Buc… 
\paulg- Yesterday Twitter was a stream of insults and today it's a stream of excellent book recommendations. This creature… 
\paulg- If you had to pick one thing you've read that changed the course of your life, what would it be? (ht @rivatez for the question.) 
\paulg- "Not only do the wokest progressives not speak for Americans; they don’t speak for the groups they’re claiming to w… 
\paulg- Q: Who's the oldest member of the fruit family? A: Grand-pear. – joke by 7 yo 
\paulg- This thread is Twitter at its best: 
\paulg- "I want to do a fitness montage." – 7 yo, who has seen too many movies, announcing he wants to get in shape 
\paulg- Don't start a startup to make things for people who are evil or dishonest. It will be demoralizing, and thus less l… 
\paulg- If you have something important to say, it's wrong to say it in a paywalled publication. 
\paulg- It's not always a good idea to "reinvent the wheel," but it's a good idea more often than it's recommended (which is never). 
\paulg- The most interesting point in the Gribbins' excellent biography of Feynman is the value of "irresponsibly" ignoring… 
\paulg- Summary: The reason elite universities continue to admit mostly rich students is the hackability of the SAT (in the… 
\paulg- 7 yo likes to play while I read bedtime stories. Since there's no chair in the boys' room and his bed is vacant, I… 
\paulg- This gives me the chills. The good news is that anyone who copies you as slavishly as this is probably not a threat… 
\paulg- 
\paulg- If you like airliner photos, R. Bexten takes particularly good ones: 
\paulg- Luxembourg superimposed on the Bay Area. 
\paulg- "It's really boring. It seems like they just googled for a bunch of stuff. But maybe it's useful to people outside… 
\paulg- "The quality being sought, more than any other, is determination. In any discussion of pilot training, at whatever… 
\paulg- I had forgotten about this interview I did in 2009, but I just listened to it and it's an interesting snapshot of e… 
\paulg- One of my favorite pictures. Sometimes California is traffic jams and sprawl, and sometimes it's this. 
\paulg- "Burger King is going to do better than McDonald's until McDonald's gets the Impossible Burger." – 10 yo after trying an Impossible Whopper 
\paulg- (Encouraging startups came naturally to me, because I love optimism and ambition. It doesn't take an effort to enco… 
\paulg- Now that I think about it, optimism and ambition are two of the main things YC cultivates in the startups it funds.… 
\paulg- Optimism, ambition, and recruiting. Will this recipe work for your startup too? Yes. In fact you could make the cas… 
\paulg- My 10 yo asked who was the smartest person YC had funded. I started thinking of people, and then thought of more, a… 
\paulg- If you read books, read William Finnegan's Barbarian Days. It's one of those rare books that divide your life into… 
\paulg- "The WHO has estimated that between 2000 and 2017 measles vaccination has prevented 21.1 million deaths across Afri… 
\paulg- "Dad, have you been trying to solve my Rubik's Cube?" – (false) accusation by 10 yo 
\paulg- Watching people staring at their phones at the table in restaurants reminds me of the old days when people smoked a… 
\paulg- The mistakes that inexperienced founders make have a lot in common with those that inexperienced writers make. They… 
\paulg- "They're so good when they're sleeping." – Jessica on our sons 
\paulg- I asked 7 yo what someone who studies Star Wars should be called. He settled on "galactologist." 
\paulg- "Between 2012 and 2017, methylmercury levels in Atlantic bluefin tuna increased by 3.5 percent per year despite dec… 
\paulg- Q: We built x+y, and users only like y. What should we do? A: Build more y. 
\paulg- While most startup advice consists of warning founders about things they're doing wrong, a significant amount is en… 
\paulg- 7 yo, to keep 10 yo in his place, regularly addresses him as "padawan" and sometimes even as "youngling." 10 yo, wh… 
\paulg- On our last flight, a woman asked me to get her luggage down from the overhead bin. I had a brief moment of panic.… 
\paulg- "Mom, are there still newspapers?" – 7 yo 
\paulg- Valuations after Demo Day are 10x what they used to be, and the investors who try to squeeze founders on terms are… 
\paulg- Ordered? 
\paulg- "The language that I think will outlast all the others, the language that I believe will eventually become the stan… 
\paulg- If Wikipedia is still around in 100 years, the 10 year old warnings about dire problems that precede each article w… 
\paulg- Asked 7 yo how many Star Wars characters he could name. He named 59. Measured by space occupied in his brain, Sta… 
\paulg- If the potential of a startup is proportionate to the size times the incompetence of its competitors, the most prom… 
\paulg- I know there are other metrics that should matter more to me, but there is nothing that impresses me more than the… 
\paulg- If you have an offer at a somewhat lower valuation from an investor you like a lot more, take that one. 
\paulg- Suppose you have 40% of the co and you raise $1m at a valuation of $10m. Afterward you have 36%. Whereas if you rai… 
\paulg- If you compare funding offers not by valuation but by the amount of the company you have left afterward (which is w… 
\paulg- As usual I can't help thinking of ways established cos could use this phenomenon to save themselves. But I'll keep… 
\paulg- Excellent title page by @ilikevests. 
\paulg- Me: Do you want to play for the 49ers when you grow up? 10 yo: It's not really for me to decide. Me: Yeah... 10… 
\paulg- When a company is going to get crushed by an up and coming startup, the smartest employees know it long beforehand.… 
\paulg- "I think I can still recite my Demo Day pitch on command." – Edith Elliot of the nonprofit Noora Health, whose Demo Day was 5 years ago 
\paulg- You can recognize the Bad Investor Bird by its distinctive call, "Who else is investing?" 
\paulg- "What was Demo Day like for Apple?" – 10 yo 
\paulg- In 2012, 60% of US adults thought colleges had a positive effect on the country. Now 50% do. That is a big drop in 7 years. 
\paulg- "It counseled a heightened consciousness, with many diagrams." – William Finnegan on Be Here Now 
\paulg- ""You Can't Always Get What You Want" is a life lesson for all the spoiled kids out there." – 7 yo on the Rolling Stones 
\paulg- William Finnegan's _Barbarian Days_ is so good that I find myself looking forward to getting home so I can read mor… 
\paulg- If you want a litmus test to distinguish between people who want to make the world better and people who are driven… 
\paulg- Today another founder from a year ago showed up. I asked him if he had any advice for the current batch. Want to gu… 
\paulg- I was helping some startups in the current YC batch get ready for Demo Day. A founder from a year ago dropped by. I… 
\paulg- The term "silent majority" was popularized by Nixon. Then it meant people who were silent because they didn't care… 
\paulg- "I understand why the silent majority is uneasy. They’re not wrong to worry that sharing their opinion on Facebook… 
\paulg- When people expand things that should be essays into books, I wish they'd do it by making the margins bigger instead of adding more words. 
\paulg- Sizes of other US startup hubs relative to the Bay Area, as measured by "exits" 2009-2019: Boston 6%, LA 6%, Seattl… 
\paulg- How to protect your startup against a recession? The first step is to be default alive. 
\paulg- Eddie Woo on the power of math teachers: ""Am I intelligent, or am I not?" Often, it's whether they got mathematic… 
\paulg- One of the most alarming things about climate change is that there are consequences of higher temperatures that inc… 
\paulg- Hypothesis: The degree of bureaucracy in a country's private sector is inversely proportional to the rate of startup formation. 
\paulg- Fortunately there is a mechanism for ensuring that the median company isn't too bureaucratic: startups. Companies n… 
\paulg- Becoming more bureaucratic kills companies. And yet no one who introduces measures that make a company more bureauc… 
\paulg- Fred Wilson being wise as usual. "Tumblr was an example of how to do social media right and we can learn a lot fr… 
\paulg- In the limit case we'll spend all our money on healthcare, since that will be the need that remains after all other… 
\paulg- First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win, then they fight you, then they la… 
\paulg- I was talking to the CEO of a startup whose customers are local governments. Me: What features do people in local… 
\paulg- When a scooter service was founded by the former CEO of Boosted Boards instead of marketing people, they can actual… 
\paulg- Student debt is something the government makes it extra easy to get into, and extra hard to get out of. The word fo… 
\paulg- When people visit your startup, they should be surprised how few people you have. A visitor who walks around and is… 
\paulg- Something I didn't realize when I was a kid: most books are bad. I used to think "This author must be an expert on… 
\paulg- Startup marketing strategies converge at the top. Selling a database to big companies is very different from gettin… 
\paulg- It's hard to think of a YC company that was killed by being too cheap. But the number killed by spending too much seems endless. 
\paulg- If you're a young founder, VCs have a powerful weapon to convince you to spend faster. They can tell you it's amate… 
\paulg- If you raise from VCs, most will pressure you to spend faster. Partly because, as money people, they think money so… 
\paulg- A simple heuristic that will save inexperienced startup founders from several different types of mistakes: be reall… 
\paulg- And even when it ends, however it ends, the shame will stain it still. 
\paulg- Hypothesis: Before the internet, you could build businesses on advertising in a way that you can't now, because now… 
\paulg- Ammon Bartram started Triplebyte because he'd felt the brokenness of judging people on credentials instead of abili… 
\paulg- 7 yo: I unlocked 3 new legendary bees! Me: Do you remember when you used to make fun of your older brother for bei… 
\paulg- I love it when YC startups help one another, but I especially love it when YC for-profits help YC nonprofits. 
\paulg- "By the time of group office hours, we not only were able to meet a goal we thought was wild a week earlier, but we… 
\paulg- A lot of scientific discoveries seem to consist of discovering that something that looks like a mess is actually cl… 
\paulg- VCs may not believe you when you say you're going to be the next Google, but they still like to hear it. 
\paulg- Want packaging as great as your product? 
\paulg- "The state-specific introduction of birth certificates is associated with a 69-82% fall in the number of supercente… 
\paulg- It's all cattle. 
\paulg- "It takes billions or tens of billions of examples to get AI systems to human-level performance. There is a really… 
\paulg- "Just like new infrastructure brought down the cost to start a tech company, new infrastructure has brought down th… 
\paulg- Hypothesis: people who are extremely orthodox in their opinions will have less of other virtues. 
\paulg- One of the great appeals of orthodoxy is that you can use it as a substitute for more demanding kinds of virtue, like courage or honesty. 
\paulg- Banesh Hoffman's biography of Einstein is the most exciting I've read. The author is a physicist who is genuinely e… 
\paulg- This thread is a fascinating micro-essay that does what the best essays do: points out something important that you… 
\paulg- Brian Grazer once picked my brain about how Y Combinator works. He did it so well that I learned things about YC th… 
\paulg- Starting August 20, you will only be able to buy water in a plastic bottle at SFO if the water contains sugar or so… 
\paulg- The Economist sacrificed "whom." 
\paulg- How to make something people want? Make something you want. 
\paulg- How to grow revenue fast? Make something people want. 
\paulg- How to be a good investment? Grow revenue fast. 
\paulg- Since I know this question is coming... How to be appealing to investors? Actually be a good investment. 
\paulg- The reason most founders are surprised by the difficulty of fundraising is that they're learning something about th… 
\paulg- Chevrolet Monte Carlo and Malibu Pontiac Grand Prix and Le Mans Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme and Cutlass Salon Buick… 
\paulg- The Submittables are the greatest. This is one of those ideas that sounds unsexy, but just keeps growing and growin… 
\paulg- A programmer I know bought a new Apple laptop. Since the company was paying, he bought the best: a reconditioned 2015 MacBook Pro. 
\paulg- I miss holding a crying baby. That's something that at one time I not only never imagined I'd think, but I couldn't… 
\paulg- Were there ever such sets? Even with the crew it looks freaky. 
\paulg- "If the Democratic Party is going to be against chocolate, high heels, parties and fun, you’ve lost me. And I’ve go… 
\paulg- "You’re just after the pleasures of moral outrage: the smugness, the self-satisfaction, the delightfully hot feelin… 
\paulg- When I was a kid in the 1970s, I thought 2019 would be roughly like this: 
\paulg- Josh Buckley was 18 when he did YC in 2011. Three years ago his company almost died. Today they're launching a new… 
\paulg- Gusto is a counterexample to the idea that ambition and benevolence are incompatible. It would be hard to find foun… 
\paulg- Gusto is a counterexample to the idea that ambition and benevolence are incompatible. It would be hard to find foun… 
\paulg- In some kinds of work, doing something faster than your peers is a sign of ability. But starting a startup at 16 do… 
\paulg- "If they can gather enough data to describe everything humans deal with on a daily basis — and if they have enough… 
\paulg- I always read printed books, not so much because I'm against Kindles etc, but simply because my main method of book… 
\paulg- "The questions about Epstein are metastasizing much faster than they can be answered." 
\paulg- "The hedge-fund managers we spoke to leaned toward the theory that Epstein was running a blackmail scheme under the… 
\paulg- Quote-tweets of the form "You've invented &lt;thing that already exists&gt;" are almost always false. That form of wittic… 
\paulg- Me: If I could read your mind, what would I see? 7 yo: A giant cinema with lots of things playing at once. 
\paulg- A couple years ago I spent several months figuring out and describing what happened in the US around 1980. Unfortun… 
\paulg- Because the phenomenon of (mostly young) professionals trying to get market rate for their work was novel, a name w… 
\paulg- Something changed in the US around 1980. I was there when it happened, and what happened was that the country shift… 
\paulg- 7 yo just learned it's Proboscis monkey and not preposterous monkey. 
\paulg- A wonderful (and to parents slightly terrifying) thing. The top... 
\paulg- "It's 2019 brah, not 1946." – 7 yo when I told him he couldn't take his iPad to bed 
\paulg- A lot of the worst mistakes people make take the form of realizing too late that some market was more efficient tha… 
\paulg- Trying to grow trains your product. 
\paulg- When we think of medical records now we think of results of discrete events like doctor visits and blood tests and… 
\paulg- The ACLU is a critical part of the US immune system. When the government can't draw the line, the ACLU draws it for… 
\paulg- Registration is open for this year's Startup School. Classes start July 22. 
\paulg- Seven little seven year olds infested with lice and ticks. Charlie got Lyme disease, and then there were six. – verse from a poem by 7 yo 
\paulg- At Viaweb we had a lot of users named John, so we adopted the convention of calling the contact for a given account… 
\paulg- The best design features aren't conscious choices, but consequences of simplicity. 
\paulg- Something Lambda School shares with YC: they can't accept many more students than they can get hired, just as YC ca… 
\paulg- "Secretly, his cat supported Bayern Munich." – from a story by 7 yo 
\paulg- Where is the "creative class" growing fastest? Salt Lake City (24% between 2005 and 2017), followed by Pittsburgh (… 
\paulg- RIP Rip. 
\paulg- If this theory is correct, the conventional investor meeting begins in failure mode. I wonder how many founders d… 
\paulg- Whereas if the default format is founder-explains-slides, the investor can switch into investor-asks-questions mode… 
\paulg- When I meet startups I ask them questions. But I could see that format would be a problem if we'd scheduled an hour… 
\paulg- I don't understand how investors can stand having a startup pitch them with a slide deck. I get glassy-eyed as soon… 
\paulg- Skip the preamble. If you have something interesting to say, just start right in on it. 
\paulg- Want to do something about climate change? Start with yourself: 
\paulg- Something I taught my 10 yo son and his friend today: The way most people who are really good at something got so… 
\paulg- Intriguing mix of futuristic and retro: a bank account denominated in gold. Transactions modify a register of owner… 
\paulg- "The key, McGinnis says, was figuring out how to align vast numbers of nanotubes—roughly 2.5 trillion per square me… 
\paulg- As soon as I asked that question, I realized you probably could teach noticing anomalies, if you taught essay writi… 
\paulg- If I ask what the difference is between this and the skills I would have listed, it's that the latter were taught (… 
\paulg- If you had asked me when I was younger to to make a list of valuable skills, I probably wouldn't have included the… 
\paulg- The worst mistake refugees from big companies make when starting startups is probably to divide functions too much.… 
\paulg- Whereas a 20 year old founder with no experience of working in a big company will be saved from this kind of mistak… 
\paulg- When people from big companies start startups, they often make the mistake of reproducing aspects of big companies… 
\paulg- "Opinions that were considered reasonable and normal a few years ago are increasingly delivered in whispers." 
\paulg- Startup founders: the more incumbents ban, the more room they leave for you to get a competitor started. 
\paulg- Next time you neglect to change the default password for something, remember that it was "to minimize delay." 
\paulg- "Soviet fleets killed almost 13,000 humpback whales in the 1959-60 season." Why, when they didn't actually need wha… 
\paulg- Doordash is now number 1! 
\paulg- Dickens on the maker's schedule (via @katgleason): 
\paulg- Me: What's your motto? 7 yo: (thinks) "When laughter comes, it brings good times." 
\paulg- A revealing question to ask about people: could you describe them as having a twinkle in their eye? If you try ask… 
\paulg- Google and the structure of DNA have something in common that most people don't realize: they were both side-projects of grad students. 
\paulg- When evaluating others' successes, people tend to overestimate the contribution of structural novelty and underesti… 
\paulg- Good investors are excited rather than alarmed when one of their heuristics stops working. Like good writers, they… 
\paulg- Like most fields, picking startups has rules that work. Unlike most fields, one of those rules is "Most rules don't work forever." 
\paulg- Me: If you could change one thing in your life, what would it be? 10 yo: I'd like to be better at rugby. 7 yo: Th… 
\paulg- While politicians propose ways to treat the symptoms of the student loan crisis, Lambda School is figuring out how… 
\paulg- Well-meaning teachers encourage my kids to use more "vocabulary" words in their writing. I tell them that on this o… 
\paulg- At dinner someone asked "Hey Siri. How old is Joe Biden?" I expected Siri to answer "I get that often. Joe Biden is 76." 
\paulg- #LiesYourParentsToldYou 
\paulg- I thought it was a mistake to name Boom "Boom," but I was wrong. 
\paulg- Maybe you'll be the first to make it work. But you should at least know whether your idea is the never-thought-of t… 
\paulg- You have an idea. You check whether it already exists. It doesn't. Good sign, right? Maybe, maybe not. Maybe you're… 
\paulg- The more formatting your email has, the less I want to read it. A short, plain text email reads as a message to me.… 
\paulg- This list of advice probably also works if you skip the first 6 tweetsworth of it and just do this. 
\paulg- For example: 
\paulg- The idea of spending (small amounts of) "quality time" with your kids is dangerously mistaken, because the best mom… 
\paulg- A lot of scientific epiphanies are isomorphic to the snappy retort that you think of too late. But in science you can actually use them. 
\paulg- Me: The guy who wrote Minecraft made a billion dollars from it. 7 yo: He deserves his money. It's great! 
\paulg- When I teach my kids about popular delusions, I teach them not just that they're false, but more importantly, why p… 
\paulg- Union Square Ventures proves that in the venture business, nice guys don't finish last. In fact rather the opposite… 
\paulg- "Call out" is just a synonym for "attack" that assumes the attacker is correct. 
\paulg- "One peer-reviewed study suggested that at least 4.1 percent of those sentenced to death in the United States are i… 
\paulg- When I was younger I assumed perfection came from people's desire to do things well. But it can also come from curi… 
\paulg- Making fun of Trump's solecisms certainly doesn't hurt his political support. After all, his base is the people who… 
\paulg- Ridiculing Trump's solecisms may make you feel better, but it doesn't harm him, and may even help him. Every bit of… 
\paulg- "If FORTRAN is the language that pushes numbers around, and C is the language that pushes characters and pointers a… 
\paulg- "Originally developed as a way of making more efficient and economic use of a very expensive computer, time-sharing… 
\paulg- I talk to my kids as if they were naive colleagues. I think they learn a lot this way, and if not, it at least seems fairly harmless. 
\paulg- Explained to my 10 yo why ambitious people tend to have a higher ratio of ability/arrogance at 25 than 21. Real-wor… 
\paulg- This kind of flaw is a tell that Docs has never been a priority for Google. 
\paulg- (I know I'll get hell from trolls for suggesting a startup might fix healthcare. "Tech bro thinks startups can fix… 
\paulg- What other problems can be solved by boring a hole through the dam? Could you fix healthcare? On the face of it, it… 
\paulg- Lambda School may not be a complete solution to the brokenness of US higher education, but it's an immediate one. A… 
\paulg- The source of the brokenness of US higher education is a mixture of social custom, institutional rigidity, and gove… 
\paulg- The opportunity that comes from brokenness = the number of people affected times how much it hurts them. For exampl… 
\paulg- Brokenness = potential energy. Anything badly broken is a dam holding back a lake of unrealized desires. A startup… 
\paulg- When you write the word "life," resist the urge to write "itself" after it. 
\paulg- Was surprised that 10 yo had such a low opinion of the fitness levels of professional baseball players. It turned o… 
\paulg- Something I taught a 7 yo today: Most of making things is figuring out why they don't work. 
\paulg- For many kinds of work there are three phases: 1. When nothing's working. 2. When it's working, but only your ini… 
\paulg- It's common for a startup to be confused initially with some category of lame predecessors. It seems to be harmless… 
\paulg- "Ambition has been the driving force behind nearly all the best work of the world. In particular, practically all s… 
\paulg- When I met Austen and did the math, I realized the simple reason Lambda School prepares students so well. It's so i… 
\paulg- Most interesting account I've followed recently: @Rainmaker1973. 
\paulg- Twitter has started showing me tweets from people I don't follow, but who are followed by people I follow. They are… 
\paulg- When I was in college, I thought that with another 100x more development (which I planned to do myself), SHRDLU wou… 
\paulg- Someone who has nothing better to do can always have the last word in a dispute. 
\paulg- The idea hunters will often find themselves engaged with controversialists, though, and they tend to lose (in the s… 
\paulg- The difference between someone on the hunt for interesting ideas and a controversialist is that for the former, con… 
\paulg- People hate things that contradict their deeply-held beliefs. But since ideas that contradict deeply-held beliefs a… 
\paulg- Hypothesis: A development environment you can set up in an Apple store is also one that would be good for kids to s… 
\paulg- Programming does at least train you to suspend judgment. You're constantly faced with things that seem as if they c… 
\paulg- Image credit: @DavidRozado. 
\paulg- If the root of the problem is that you need partisan articles to draw people from Twitter into the top of your funn… 
\paulg- One encouraging possibility: If the root of the problem is that subscribing is so high-friction that only passionat… 
\paulg- Hypothesis: Although some newspapers can survive the switch to online subscriptions, none can do it and remain a po… 
\paulg- When the name of a town in the middle of America is trending Twitter, I'm relieved to discover it's not because the… 
\paulg- Hamming's Question: "What important problems are you working on?" 
\paulg- If you buy this edition of A Mathematician's Apology and leave it on your desk, it will make you work harder. I don… 
\paulg- "I shall assume that I am writing for readers who are full, or have in the past been full, of a proper spirit of am… 
\paulg- If Kevin Lacker built this, it's probably good. 
\paulg- I don't know if this is the best way to explain the underlying concepts, but it's definitely good for morale. It se… 
\paulg- One technique I use when teaching math to little kids is to get them rapidly to the point where they can answer wha… 
\paulg- "Will you teach me physics?" – 7 yo after I explained how World War II ended 
\paulg- Boeing's lack of transparency about the problems with the 737-MAX will make it hard to feel confident about flying… 
\paulg- I know from personal experience that the two-phase approach works in writing, programming, and art (draft = prototy… 
\paulg- When I was a kid, I thought mistakes were simply bad, and to be avoided. As an adult I realized many problems are b… 
\paulg- The thing that stuck out most as mistaken is when I said that the popular and nerdy kids were the way they were bec… 
\paulg- I just reread "Why Nerds are Unpopular" for the first time in many years, and I still agree with almost everything… 
\paulg- Kulveer's secret weapon is one he learned from hearing Zuck speak at Startup School. It's hard to think of a very s… 
\paulg- The good news is, if we establish a general antibody against things you want that don't make you happy, it will wor… 
\paulg- Hard to say how it plays out in the long term. Do we end up with a society that's 95% addicts and 5% people who und… 
\paulg- Parents already warn kids about drugs, but few realize yet that this is just one instance of a more general lesson. 
\paulg- If so, we'll need (and we'll surely develop) social antibodies to protect us. E.g. we'll have to teach kids explici… 
\paulg- It may be inevitable that in the limit case, what you want and what makes you happy diverge completely, simply beca… 
\paulg- What you want is not identical with what makes you happy. Though the article doesn't mention it, the scary thing is… 
\paulg- The richest Scandinavians evade about 25% of their taxes by hiding wealth in offshore tax havens: 
\paulg- A really big startup I've been waiting for for over a decade is the one that gives moms at home with kids a way to… 
\paulg- One of the best ways to help people make money is to unlock something valuable they already have. Airbnb and Y Comb… 
\paulg- Can you think of anything you could build that other people could use to make money? If so, you may have a startup idea. 
\paulg- A startup that helps people make money will make money itself. Both Viaweb and Y Combinator did this. And so do Air… 
\paulg- One thing I didn't realize before I had kids is how many photos of eager, smiling kids had a parent out of the fram… 
\paulg- The founders, who've been the same people all along, find their personas have been switched from "plucky young foun… 
\paulg- When a startup is small, it seems cute and the press writes encouragingly about it. When it reaches the size where… 
\paulg- People are so nasty on Twitter that when someone says something nice, they have to add that they actually mean it. 
\paulg- The fact that reward is proportionate to risk works in both directions. Everyone knows that if you offer great re… 
\paulg- Trick that delights 7 year olds (n=1): Show how you can draw a pyramid with any shape base by drawing a polygon, dr… 
\paulg- If you want to work for a startup that's making a difference and is also funded by top VCs, take a look at Outschoo… 
\paulg- "Many advanced reactors are already moving toward commercialization, and on much faster timelines and with much les… 
\paulg- 7 yo just learned it's "Your call will be answered in the order received" and not "Your call will be answered in the watery sea." 
\paulg- I always advise startups that plan to get really big that they should have Ronco in the cap table. No one can help… 
\paulg- Sometimes there are a few others around, and this can be even better, because they also tend to be people who love… 
\paulg- There is something so magical about a lab or office at night, when it's quiet and empty and dark outside. It seems… 
\paulg- During my 20s and early 30s I used to sleep from 3 am to 11 am. In retrospect it's now clear I did it to get time t… 
\paulg- Biographies of famous people often mention how they worked at night and on weekends, as if this were painful for th… 
\paulg- There are people who fix problems and people who complain about problems, and the two sets are remarkably disjoint. 
\paulg- "Once a language feels infinite, the specific benefits of a new feature are still apparent. But the general costs i… 
\paulg- "I look for people who can build." 
\paulg- One thing Viaweb and Y Combinator had in common was that there was no name for what they were when we started them.… 
\paulg- I still remember how excited I was the first time I saw a url in an ad. It was in 1995, on the side of a bus, as I… 
\paulg- "We'll call it the s-hit. No one will notice with a hyphen in the middle." 
\paulg- This article is one of the few I've seen that mention the crucial other half of this phenomenon: these classes are… 
\paulg- The most impressive feature of The Double Helix is how much Watson admits he didn't know. He's constantly talking a… 
\paulg- The Boring Company's what-if-you-just: 
\paulg- "Do they still make newspapers?" – 7 yo 
\paulg- The value of experience is as much what it takes out of your head as what it puts in. That's why it's hard to use b… 
\paulg- The optimism imbalance between Silicon Valley and the rest of the world makes it seem mistaken to outsiders, includ… 
\paulg- How can one become more optimistic? It seems hard to cultivate directly. But optimism is contagious, so you can do… 
\paulg- Optimism is arguably a form of error, just as pessimism is. And yet it is one of the most valuable qualities you ca… 
\paulg- When you combine this mistake with the complementary mistake of underestimating your ability, you get the process t… 
\paulg- "Now I have more time to decide what to dream about!" – 7 yo after I told him we could delay bedtime a little 
\paulg- Wow, what a story. Austen Allred is relentlessly resourceful. 
\paulg- "Neither side can know with certainty which variant will come to pass. And, funnily enough, both sides seem to thin… 
\paulg- It would take some work to estimate x and y, but the right way to think about this question might be: If you could… 
\paulg- I was trying to explain to my 7 yo how powerful it is to be able to read, because you can now learn anything from b… 
\paulg- I heard Michael Heseltine describe the UK's as a medium-sized economy. Beneath it seemed to be the assumption that… 
\paulg- Google didn't happen in the US because the US is a big country. 
\paulg- Geoff Ralston Fact: Geoff does pushups between YC interviews to stay alert. In a full day of interviews he'll do 600 pushups. 
\paulg- Unless you're explicitly in the fashion business, if the best way you can describe a redesign is using words like "… 
\paulg- When people say that they're "updating" the look of something, what they usually mean in practice is making it more… 
\paulg- When a design is dated, it's dated at the moment it's produced. Its datedness may not become visible to most people… 
\paulg- It works in the other direction too. If you do someone a favor, you'll start to like them. I feel certain there are… 
\paulg- When I was a kid, I knew that if A hates B, he'll maltreat him. What I didn't realize till I was an adult was that… 
\paulg- The most overrated quality in a potential cofounder is experience. The most underrated is not flaking. 
\paulg- People in the grip of an ideology become so determined to defend it that they can see almost any statement as contr… 
\paulg- One thing you learn after having kids is what's the biggest favor you can do for anyone with kids: something that helps their kids. 
\paulg- One sign of a startup idea is the word "shouldn't." If you find yourself saying "users shouldn't have to do x" or "… 
\paulg- "Athleticus Neanderthalis!" – 7 yo taunting his 10 yo brother 
\paulg- Incidentally, would-be founders, this is a general recipe for a new startup: When there's something lots of compani… 
\paulg- Lambda School is a social mobility engine growing at an exponential rate. It's exciting to see those two concepts i… 
\paulg- When I put our boys to bed, it sometimes takes an hour. In theory I'm lax for letting it drag on so long. But it's… 
\paulg- "The hardest part of all," he said, about theoretical physics, "is controlling your emotions." 
\paulg- This is not just extraordinarily generous, but will also create something like a controlled experiment to measure h… 
\paulg- Good writing is concise. It's possible to say things concisely in a way that everyone can understand, but not in a… 
\paulg- For AI to "capture the light cone of all future value" sounds simultaneously far-fetched and not totally implausibl… 
\paulg- Similarly, it's more impressive to seem a promising but inexperienced founder than to seem like a bad imitation of… 
\paulg- The big mistake teenagers make when trying to seem impressive is trying to seem like adults. Maybe it fools other t… 
\paulg- Most founders overvalue their pitch and undervalue their brain. You think your deck is great, because you spent so… 
\paulg- (Later stage, the most convincing thing is revenue growth. But you'd need something like 18 months of steep revenue… 
\paulg- There's also a more subtle reason not to hide your problems from investors. You'll have much more interesting conve… 
\paulg- When talking to investors, don't try to hide your problems. Investors know every startup is a series of disasters.… 
\paulg- "In my whole life, I have known no wise people who didn't read all the time —none, zero." – Charlie Munger (whose… 
\paulg- The next time someone claims that starting startups is for rich kids, remind them that Airbnb happened because its… 
\paulg- Disclosure: This tweet is one of a series from a secret cabal of people in Silicon Valley and rural England to boost Tesla's stock price. 
\paulg- One of the things that makes Tesla so dangerous to established car companies is that they have a sense of humor. Im… 
\paulg- But clients don't usually need as much handholding as they think. (That's one reason it's so frustrating.) Which me… 
\paulg- Many businesses consist in practice mostly of client handholding, but practically no startups do. Startups scale, and handholding doesn't. 
\paulg- "If you want to get rich, don't do it for the money." – Caleb Williams 
\paulg- Bad hires compound. (So do good hires of course, just with the opposite sign.) 
\paulg- This is just perfectly done. 
\paulg- Nowadays it's common for cynical journalists to ridicule startups that say they want to change the world. But many… 
\paulg- What if you just asked what is the what-if-you-just every time? 
\paulg- A surprisingly large proportion of the best ideas seem to result from a thought of the form "What if you just...?"… 
\paulg- Though apparently Tara Ploughman found a way... 
\paulg- It's interesting to see so many people trying their hand at aphorisms on Twitter, and turning out to be decent at i… 
\paulg- When I teach my kids about discoveries, I focus on trying to recreate what people thought before the discovery – in… 
\paulg- "A young man from Seton Hall University effused to a peer: “If you practice dialectic in the antinomian way that Ad… 
\paulg- "Both." – Jessica when I asked if we should celebrate American Mother's Day or British Mother's Day. 
\paulg- Founders I've met from Nigeria, especially, suggest that those who think Africa is going to remain poor instead of… 
\paulg- I wonder if this also implies you can trust powerful people with mediocre memories. If they don't have great memori… 
\paulg- Was just thinking how one problem with telling lies is that you have to remember them all. Then I remembered that q… 
\paulg- There are two bad things about this, besides the injustice done to the victims. 1. It encourages more mobs in the… 
\paulg- It's very dangerous to find yourself standing between a mother moose and her child, but perhaps even more dangerous… 
\paulg- One of the most surprising things to me about PC 2.0 is how spineless universities have turned out to be. Occasiona… 
\paulg- "I had no desire to spend my life doing exercises out of a textbook, which is what I assumed mathematicians did." 
\paulg- It's hard to beat someone at something if they enjoy it and you don't. This is true for good things like writing an… 
\paulg- 7 yo was surprised to learn that the 5 second rule has no basis in biology. But when I imitated a bunch of germs se… 
\paulg- Don't participate in Twitter mobs. 
\paulg- In the football match I played in yesterday, the goalkeeper said "thank you" every time one of us blocked a shot or… 
\paulg- Patience. 
\paulg- There are no economies of scale in imagination. 
\paulg- My kids are always coming up with startup ideas. I decided the 10 yo is now old enough to hear the truth: if you wa… 
\paulg- I was explaining to some college students why the Collisons are such effective founders, and I put it about as conc… 
\paulg- Tyler, Texas deleted the page on which it advertised its services to patent trolls, but it is still in the Wayback… 
\paulg- British newspapers are read from the opposite side to American ones. On the back they have a special section with news about Brexit. 
\paulg- This is an example of the phenomenon it describes. 
\paulg- (He didn't make this one up of course. That's what he means when he says it's a modern classic.) 
\paulg- 7 yo: Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Me: Why? 7 yo: Because then they'd be bagels. That's a modern classic… 
\paulg- Making code shorter often also makes it more correct. Part of what you're doing when you boil code down is eliminat… 
\paulg- The news media then focuses on the spoilt ones, because they generate ready-made clickbait stories. And meanwhile t… 
\paulg- Perhaps what's happening is that college students, like so many other parts of society are becoming more polarized:… 
\paulg- Have met several times with undergrads over the past year and every time have come away impressed by how effective… 
\paulg- 
\paulg- Two possible solutions for people who have to decide which projects to back: 1. Admit you're deciding based on hun… 
\paulg- Two possible solutions for people who have to decide which projects to back: 1. Admit you're deciding based on hun… 
\paulg- It's very dangerous for those in authority to require proof of the potential of an idea before allowing it to happe… 
\paulg- A really successful startup always increases its own market. E.g. the microcomputer market grew after VisiCalc was… 
\paulg- This is an instance of a rule you already know: that actions speak louder than words. Not all traditional aphoris… 
\paulg- If you have to choose between someone who's a jerk in personal matters but perfectly correct in his opinions, and s… 
\paulg- Interesting idea: that feeling when nothing has worked and you don't know what to try next is actually a gift. I do… 
\paulg- Feature idea for Twitter: When you've suggested that a user follow a particular account 10,000 times and they haven… 
\paulg- Refinement: When one kid earns the royal treatment, he gets the right to confer it on his brother too, which he alw… 
\paulg- Kids' lives are full of rules, so it's very exciting to them when they're bent. But only, of course, if this is rare. 
\paulg- Parenting trick: When one of our kids does something really good (usually but not always at school) we give them th… 
\paulg- Asana should embrace this meme and start using trippy 70s graphic design for a bit. 
\isosteph- horrified by female mark zuckerberg but also unsettled by the link shortener that has nothi… 
\isosteph- it would be kinda nice to have a very consistent twitter circle and develop a distinct aesthetic presence here but… 
\isosteph- the downside of this was there was usually a marked drop in quality &amp; coherence by the last couple paragraphs as my… 
\isosteph- in college i would put off all my papers at the outline stage until literally the last day and then pound out the w… 
\isosteph- have been trying to write a thing for a while and i outlined it ages ago but i can’t think of an opening and withou… 
\isosteph- i need to go on a long walk so bad oh my god 
\isosteph- i think about this piece literally every time i dry my hands in a public restroom 
\isosteph- can't tweet about vcs anymore without a whole bunch of them appearing in my mentions to talk about civility and the… 
\isosteph- like nobody expects them to be all in for bernie or whatever but given their level of paranoid talk about public he… 
\isosteph- not surprising but still striking how basically none of the vcs talking about coronavirus have mentioned american h… 
\isosteph- it’s fuckin great 
\isosteph- so many software engineers....none with the empathy to make sure their strings are cleanly formatted and to spec 
\isosteph- all the software engineers are doing another qt meme about how they’re software engineers but they keep phrasing it… 
\isosteph- cannot believe we traded 2 perfectly good legs for “arms” 
\isosteph- bipedalism is kinda fucked if you can’t put weight on one leg you can’t ever lift the other one. why did we get rid of all our failsafe legs 
\isosteph- every day a concerning volume of hair falls out in the shower and every day i continue to do absolutely nothing about it 
\isosteph- excited to use this knee injury as an excuse for not being on top for like the next 3 years 
\isosteph- checked the scale today first time since injury turns out muscle atrophy is a really efficient way to lose 5-7 pounds in 3 weeks 
\isosteph- thinking abt how if i did more ketamine i would probably develop sufficient levels of alienation to post better but… 
\isosteph- process of putting the pieces together hits a really good spot in my brain 
\isosteph- i appreciate people with public alts 
\isosteph- music 4 tonight: whatever the sound equivalent of this image is 
\isosteph- old ones were actually cute &amp; good why change them 
\isosteph- new fb messenger reactions are bad 
\isosteph- coworker: so i fixed these bugs, talked to all our stakeholders and wrote up all their needs in this doc, and opene… 
\isosteph- is it ageist to say "sounds gucci" in the workplace 
\isosteph- can’t believe coronavirus is hitting the area now just when i’m ready to walk &amp; go outside again and not during the… 
\isosteph- if i were a machine learning model, i would simply just get the answer right every time 
\isosteph- slamming my training &amp; validation &amp; test sets together and slicing them any which way and shoving all of it into th… 
\isosteph- americans spent so much time &amp; outlandish effort trying to fry everything in sight and when it came to cheese the b… 
\isosteph- fried halloumi is literally so good 
\isosteph- or throw them all in a sandbox let them fight it out over like a billion iterations and unleash the winner upon the unprepared masses 
\isosteph- the obvious next step in twitter bots is to build in an adversarial model where they learn who to dunk on and how,… 
\isosteph- there should be another much more aggressive iphone battery warning at like 1 or 2%. 10 and 20 don’t do it for me anymore 
\isosteph- i was the offline one in this scenario 
\isosteph- too normie for the edgelords, not woke enough for the space witches, i wander the online waste alone....... who wil… 
\isosteph- fascinated by the trollish attitude a certain slice of ppl take where any reaction to anything you say constitutes… 
\isosteph- hey it’s me! 
\isosteph- the whole point of working remotely is so u can lie on the floor and do tiny little leg lifts and hamstring curls w… 
\isosteph- if you're Online and you date someone Offline you really have to make sure they don't later go Online lest they fin… 
\isosteph- can't wait to dual wield my own legs 
\isosteph- in theory this is an improvement but it's only like half as fast as aggressively powercrutching.......dual wielding wins again 
\isosteph- discovered this week i can kinda hobble around with 1 crutch now. have taken to lurching around my house like a geriatric drunk 
\isosteph- when i understand the code like, at all? that’s gooooood shit 😎 
\isosteph- can’t believe andrew yang is gonna become the voice of tech policy in america just because he made sure to say in h… 
\isosteph- remember when it came out that obama ate exactly 7 almonds every night 
\isosteph- suddenly overcome with the certain knowledge that somewhere on jia tolentino’s laptop is a draft titled “Love, Loss… 
\isosteph- can't stop thinking abt "male inceldom is a catalyst for creation"...... the chad homemaker (exhausted, burdened by… 
\isosteph- political alignment chart but the quadrant axes are male/female vs chad/incel 
\isosteph- some deep cuts for tonight 
\isosteph- what is he back to. who didn’t make it out alive. i don’t understand any part of this metaphor 
\isosteph- what 
\isosteph- thinking abt him 
\isosteph- there’s this intersection i walk by sometimes that i really enjoy where one corner is the hangout spot for a bunch… 
\isosteph- why write code when you could just write esoteric math instead, said a bunch of fuckin nerds 
\isosteph- without functional programming i would never experience the thrill of hitting "goto definition" and getting back "d… 
\isosteph- 73 and sunny in sf today it’s criminal that i can’t be at the beach rn!! 
\isosteph- there’s some distinction between “they go” vs “they’re like” when referring to someone saying something but i can’t pin down what it is 
\isosteph- it's always the same brains that think "let's run an extremely shady legally questionable ethically dubious nationw… 
\isosteph- i love whenever the press does a story on a random sketchy tech company because all the attention means inevitably… 
\isosteph- their lawyer! not even the ceo or like a security engineer whose head is too deep in "well i mean there's a threat… 
\isosteph- fuckin dead at “In a statement, Clearview AI's attorney Tor Ekeland said that while security is the company's top p… 
\isosteph- ok 
\isosteph- can’t believe i dodged going to school on the east coast and now i still have to hear everyone around me talking ab… 
\isosteph- what is fintech does anyone understand it and why is everyone talking about it 
\isosteph- tech humor is exactly like the amazon algorithm where it’s like “hey you liked this joke? here’s the exact same jok… 
\isosteph- boar running to midnight city is the exact state of mind my brain has been searching for for my entire life 
\isosteph- cannot stop thinking abt the running boar 
\isosteph- incredibly rude to schedule the south carolina debate at a time inconvenient for the west coast, as usual 
\isosteph- is this debate better than the last debate 
\isosteph- scala would make more sense to me if i were drunk i think 
\isosteph- i think “you are my spirit animal” is actually more offensive to me than actual harassment 
\isosteph- i’ve gotten a few of these before and like, what a weird fuckin thing to say to another person 
\isosteph- fantasizing abt good knowledge organization systems again (oops!) 
\isosteph- there’s someone else in the office on crutches and we have the same leg brace...... i’m gonna fight her 
\isosteph- slightly distressed to discover that i am a 2nd degree linkedin connection with andrew yang 
\isosteph- yeah everyone hates bankers but at least they don’t have vc tech’s disgusting levels of self-pity 
\isosteph- personally if i were gonna spend 2 years widely promoting &amp; supporting a company as the future of higher education,… 
\isosteph- the vc attitude where you advertise a product or company as world-changing &amp; revolutionary &amp; incredible in every wa… 
\isosteph- can’t stop describing myself as “balls deep” in things 
\isosteph- thinking of becoming the kind of person whose pinned tweet is a thread of all their other threads 
\isosteph- turns out muscle atrophy looks cute in jeans 
\isosteph- walking into physical therapy and asking instead of making my skinny leg the same size as my normal leg again, coul… 
\isosteph- “hypothesis: i’ve been traveling a lot recently and it seems to me that in ny the buildings are taller, but in sf t… 
\isosteph- every 3 weeks another tech new grad posts something like “just heard this theory that sf and ny are different. i’ve… 
\isosteph- not gonna click on this one tonight 
\isosteph- googling should i pull on the mysterious piece of plastic coming out of my body or should i not pull on the mysteri… 
\isosteph- took off the tape over my knee incision and there’s like 3mm of a thin clear plastic fiber coming out of one end i… 
\isosteph- if someone convinced these guys that you could even further increase your life force or T or whatever by not only r… 
\isosteph- standard method involves religiously not jacking off but it’s unclear if the resulting clarity of mind is due to av… 
\isosteph- 2am reading about the specifics of semen retention ideology 
\isosteph- idly exploring a sudden craving for fried chicken and now i’m deep into the underworld of late night ubereats ghost… 
\isosteph- oh my god i had a listing open for like 20 minutes and while i was thinking should i buy it or not someone else did… 
\isosteph- on the verge of buying 2 more plants is this a spiral 
\isosteph- i like when i don’t wear my contacts and look at myself in the mirror across the room bc i look pretty hot when i c… 
\isosteph- honestly enraging that he sounds like this but his central marketing play is “i’m smart” 
\isosteph- everything pete says is like in middle school when we learned “rhetorical devices” and had to do worksheets where w… 
\isosteph- refusing to do anything my physical therapist tells me to do until he assures me that yes this will give me a hot bod 
\isosteph- very cool that if i try to do too much too early to my knee i risk reinjuring it and having to do more surgery and… 
\isosteph- “oh i fucked up my knee” “ooh do you have one of those scooter things” yes i definitely get around with a device th… 
\isosteph- everyone has like one memory of that one kid in school who broke their leg or whatever and apparently transposes th… 
\isosteph- has been interesting how many people have looked at my knee brace that is obviously just a couple vertical bars wit… 
\isosteph- it’s like a tiny terrier or something though so mostly sounds like it’s about to die 
\isosteph- my neighbor’s dog loves to howl along with the 911 siren 
\isosteph- awake at 4am thinking about lost (2004-2010) 
\isosteph- just engaging in some “joie de vivre” tonight 
\isosteph- pity the engineer who tries to ask a question in another team’s slack after 3pm on a friday 
\isosteph- just found out i got reposted to r/programmerhumor i’m never touching a fuckign computer again 
\isosteph- can't believe i ended up being the kind of person who makes a vc parody account 
\isosteph- all credit goes to @minimaxir who did basically all the work behind all the gpt2 bots going around, because lord kn… 
\isosteph- have u ever wondered why we need so many vcs &amp; founders tweeting constantly when they’re all saying basically the s… 
\isosteph- picture this: ur just vibing thru the work day and then u get this slack dm. wyd 
\isosteph- can't stop calling things "high-pri" and "low-pri" if this goes on i'm gonna have to become a consultant 
\isosteph- bash aliasing "python" to a very specific version of python 3 installed inside a py2 venv inside a conda env and us… 
\isosteph- i have like 6 versions of python sitting around on this computer and none of them have a python.h anywhere to be found 
\isosteph- nothing like trying to do one (1) code thing on ur personal computer after a year of disuse and discovering that ur… 
\isosteph- deeply powerful voter pitches from mike "i want to be your manager" bloomberg and pete "join me if you don't know w… 
\isosteph- amy must be banned from making jokes, please, is there no decency left in our politics 
\isosteph- pete's face is so white &amp; satiny such an uncanny texture. i wanna touch it see if it's real 
\isosteph- warren defending klobuchar on forgetting the mexican president's name is the hugest unforced error what the fuck lmao 
\isosteph- amy is also outdoing herself......incredible showing 
\isosteph- honestly we should all be thankful bloomberg made it onto the debate stage tonight. top shelf entertainment 
\isosteph- i had to watch a bunch of the 2016 dem convention speeches for a class once and literally the only thing i remember… 
\isosteph- bloomberg is one of the worst speakers i've ever seen in my life lmao 
\isosteph- simply could not imagine being a 55 year old multimillionaire investor tech icon and spending my days tweeting abou… 
\isosteph- there’s this old tumblr post that goes something like “why do old ppl drive so slowly like hurry up go faster ur dy… 
\isosteph- thought i could trust my friends.....this is what i get for trying to be vulnerable 
\isosteph- thought i could trust my friends.....this is what i get for trying to be vulnerable 
\isosteph- incredibly stupid &amp; juvenile joke involving a pun on the name of an infrastructure service at work just popped into… 
\isosteph- tired of “protecting” and “stabilizing” my knee because it needs to “heal” or whatever i wanna go out and do dumb shit!!! 
\isosteph- can't believe engineers are allowed to talk and say things 
\isosteph- my french is like.....pretty good like i can read books and watch the news and stuff but they never teach u all the… 
\isosteph- i love reading the way ppl type online in different languages i wish there were repositories of this stuff but onli… 
\isosteph- couldn’t possibly imagine not feeling distinctly individualized &amp; alienated all the time in a raging wasteland of a… 
\isosteph- it’s cute when u ask ur coworkers in their late 20s and 30s abt their weekend and everything is phrased in terms of “we” 
\isosteph- i remember taking operating systems and being like fuck ya these threads are an orchestra and i am the maestro but… 
\isosteph- every once in a while at work i’ll be staring at some code and suddenly get this intense sense of vertigo like what… 
\isosteph- software engineering is an endless process of asking is this code fucking stupid or am i fucking stupid and the answer is usually both 
\isosteph- lying in bed late at night thinking abt the soft lil battery indicator lights that came thru the aluminum on the 20… 
\isosteph- wanna forget how to do anything other than beep &amp; boop 
\isosteph- can't imagine listening to classical music to code when i code i want music that makes me literally feel like a computer 
\isosteph- oh my god i'm reading about if you lose your jaw like due to cancer or something they reconstruct it by just taking… 
\isosteph- remember 1 month ago when everyone thought we were gonna go to war with iran and thousands of stupid teenagers ever… 
\isosteph- all conversation around political polls on this website is rock bottom 
\isosteph- ppl with "focus block" on their calendars from like 2-5pm are insane lmao 2-5pm is literally only for napping 
\isosteph- i love using the internet to instant message my friends 
\isosteph- omg i got tulips a couple days ago and literally this morning they were all perfect and i just looked up and one sh… 
\isosteph- just found this photo from a couple months ago when i woke up at 3 in the morning and my alexa was doing this 
\isosteph- sometimes i really just enjoy the sound of music coming out of my macbook speakers 
\isosteph- struggling with object permanence today 
\isosteph- something about stainless steel water bottles freaks me out it’s like. u can’t see the water how do u know it’s wat… 
\isosteph- i can’t find it anymore but i think a lot abt the reactions to that image going around a while ago of half formed g… 
\isosteph- comments are full of people asking “does this work on video” and stretching the limit with tiny superpixelated chil… 
\isosteph- it’s extremely weird watching the first wave of gan-powered tools hit the mainstream 
\isosteph- do we think any of the presidential candidates have outie bellybuttons and if so which ones 
\isosteph- all i want is this how can it be so hard to get there 
\isosteph- by aspirational i don't mean i wanna have some magazine looking shit i literally just dream about having my own liv… 
\isosteph- twitter has made me very aspirational about having &amp; furnishing my own apartment despite that fact that i have zero… 
\isosteph- canadians love to text you "omg it's soooo sunny today i'm so happy" and then you see on their instagram that it's… 
\isosteph- making ramen at home and giving myself like 10 sheets of nori instead of the paltry 2 they give you at the restaurant 
\isosteph- “trompe l’oeil” is a french term describing when the light hits my chest just so thus creating the illusion that i have boobs 
\isosteph- ppl have said this before but spotify has mostly landed consistently on the right side re: public perception of dat… 
\isosteph- do i love or hate that spotify has models for song features like “danceability”, “acousticness”, “valence (happines… 
\isosteph- took a nap dreamt i was skiing during a sunset that did not end 
\isosteph- found out one was like 35 the other day and it fucked me up for a good few hours 
\isosteph- i assume every eboy/egirl twitter account is exactly 24 years old 
\isosteph- whenever i change my phone background it’s like becoming a whole different person 
\isosteph- i think this was like, always the correct use of instagram but my particular slice of peers was all in on the thing… 
\isosteph- the nice thing about twitter is it has completely freed my brain from giving a single shit about what i post on ins… 
\isosteph- medicine sucks im gonna become an anti vaxxer 
\isosteph- i think it is "Bitch ass shit" that the doctor says i am banned from walking for another 3 weeks 
\isosteph- need a good allnighter once in a while to put life into perspective 
\isosteph- having an oddly fond flashback to being in school doing an end-quarter class project and putting it off until the l… 
\isosteph- having a good one 
\isosteph- tech ppl love this coronavirus stuff bc it combines their 2 favorite things: insane hypochondriasis and graph theory 
\isosteph- binary classifier......more like binary ASSifier am i right (tweet commit ea2345e9495ce523c9d7b59ceb5b593175eabf51… 
\isosteph- i'm addicted to framing every second of my life as the start of some big Narrative and then literally never living… 
\isosteph- indulging myself in a brief fantasy where this period of forced immobility inspires me to get into distance running… 
\isosteph- blonde lady math meme but it’s engineers staring blankly into space trying to understand how u can be underpaid rel… 
\isosteph- this round of tech salary discourse is somehow exponentially dumber than every previous round of tech salary discourse 
\isosteph- asking my doctor when can i start bulking again 
\isosteph- staring at my rapidly atrophying leg like is this what guys mean when they’re like i think i’m getting small 
\isosteph- sorry! did you say something? i couldn’t understand that :) if you’re having thoughts of self-harm, press 1. if you… 
\isosteph- hello and welcome to the national suicide prevention hotline! para español, oprima 9. if you’re having thoughts of… 
\isosteph- whatever sick &amp; twisted fuck made these menus a reality fuck you!!!! 
\isosteph- oh my god i was in an automated phone menu and tried to ask for a human and the voice said “what do you want to tal… 
\isosteph- the itching when a cut starts to close is sooo fucked up what kind of god would make this happen 
\isosteph- it's a campbell award winner from 20 years ago how is this possible this has never happened to me before 
\isosteph- just tried to find a book at the library and they just didn't have it at all i— 
\isosteph- i wanna sit on a roof doesn’t matter where or how high but i would like to be on top of a building 
\isosteph- if i were a millennial bay area dance abg who spent all of high school and college setting my phone on the studio f… 
\isosteph- you mean to say the trees change color where you’re from? just how delightful! 
\isosteph- thinking abt really leaning into a provincial californian vibe 
\isosteph- in high school a friend of mine was into competitive team fortress 2 and i think after hanging out a couple times i… 
\isosteph- i like that i’m a fairly curious person but sometimes it’s way too easy for me to get into things like i think i go… 
\isosteph- when the doctor said “you have a pretty rare injury” and then stuck a needle in my knee and drained a couple syring… 
\isosteph- i feel more at home on highway 280 than anywhere else in the bay i think 
\isosteph- normalize yearning 
\isosteph- i would like one (1) perfect year 
\isosteph- records that clearly push the limits of the human body or that measure new ways of exploring the earth feel entirel… 
\isosteph- the existence of certain very specific world records as a goal has always been extremely weird to me........it is v… 
\isosteph- if i squint really hard and ascend like 6 astral planes i can start to catch a glimpse of the logic that made this… 
\isosteph- literally what lmao 
\isosteph- only comment on the new tame impala is why did he cut out the little moan at the beginning of borderline that was l… 
\isosteph- bonus points if it's about your job like wow it's so funny when programmers call themselves professional googlers s… 
\isosteph- gonna be grumpy for a second but my least favorite tweets are the prompt ones that basically go "describe a thing w… 
\isosteph- not all things should be expressed as a question some things you should just be able to figure the fuck out yourself 
\isosteph- some people really were told a little too often early in life that no question is a stupid question 
\isosteph- eating one steamed rn if anyone was wondering 
\isosteph- it’s honestly stupid how many ways there are to cook an egg 
\isosteph- today’s nap: on a trip discovering secret rooms in a hotel with some friends, a distant coworker, and a high school… 
\isosteph- i love when my dreams are populated by a mix of ppl i see every day and ppl i haven’t seen in years that i never ca… 
\isosteph- my knee has only bent to like 50 degrees for nearly 2 weeks now and i have this vision of just grabbing my leg viol… 
\isosteph- anyways when placed in the context of a presidential campaign where the end results are very clearly quantifiable t… 
\isosteph- 2020 i hate it here 
\isosteph- before operating both the surgeon and the anesthesiologist had to sign their initials on my knee as part of a conse… 
\isosteph- “caring for your wound” yes....thank u doctors for hurting me 
\isosteph- can’t decide if i love or hate that “wound” is the normal patient-care term for a surgical incision 
\isosteph- i want to get up out of bed and run around 
\isosteph- deciding that the correct music for this headspace is those soft 80s indie tracks where the singer always sounds a… 
\isosteph- floaty was nice the first couple times and leg not feeling like it's broken &gt; leg feeling like it's broken but the… 
\isosteph- after 3 days on and off painkillers i've decided that these r not the pills for me 
\isosteph- a good number of my irl friends follow me on twitter but never tweet themselves and i sometimes wonder if at some l… 
\isosteph- why go through the uncomfortable process of watching the discourse get progressively more disconnected from reality… 
\isosteph- twitter plugin that only lets you see the 3rd+ wave of takes on any given topic 
\isosteph- from the verge today idgaf if lambda ppl think it’s a hit piece if this is the way u respond to students genuinely… 
\isosteph- lmao holy shit if i were this student and posted this long ass message about how i was struggling mentally and fina… 
\isosteph- after some thought i must concede that even my brainless “haha lol” reply guys aren’t as bad as the ones who reply… 
\isosteph- pretty unfortunate that the whole diaspora poetry meme has basically made it impossible for anyone to write poems a… 
\isosteph- anesthesia was wilder than anything i’ve ever done it was like watching myself in a kubrick movie insanely dissocia… 
\isosteph- spending post-surgery recovery reading this book bc i love to terrify myself 
\isosteph- beautiful assonance.....near perfect meter 
\isosteph- i love the phrase “anxiety, helplessness, or an impending sense of doom” 
\isosteph- breathing on opiates is so strange esp several hours ago when i was high as shit every time i exhaled i was like hu… 
\isosteph- anesthesia is fucking wild lmao going under was the trippiest shit i’ve ever experienced in my life 
\isosteph- every nurse that’s ever stuck a needle into my veins has told me i have beautiful veins 
\isosteph- like idk if you feel like you need it at the end of the day go for it but if you don’t then it’s weird as hell to w… 
\isosteph- ppl who watch with subs on even when they can hear &amp; understand everything at the expected level are fucked up 
\isosteph- subs &gt; dubs but also no subs if you can hear &amp; understand &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; subs every time 
\isosteph- all i want is for someone larger than me to pick me up and carry me to my bed 
\isosteph- especially enjoy when i'm at work kicking off a 5 hour training job and when it finishes having absolutely no idea… 
\isosteph- short term memory getting so bad i'm leaving reminder notes for myself 20 minutes in the future memento style 
\isosteph- none of the numbers on this emergency room bill add up to each other 
\isosteph- i don’t even consciously remember watching these videos anymore but this intro sequence hit something real deep in my brain 
\isosteph- holy shit i’d forgotten about this 
\isosteph- all i want is someone to tuck me into bed for my post brunch nap 
\isosteph- i admire ppl who manage to maintain some consistency between their identity &amp; interests &amp; aesthetic presentation 
\isosteph- (midatlantic accent) martha my love would u be a dear and put some sexually explicit big band tunes on the gramophone 
\isosteph- what music do we think ppl had sex to in like the 40s 
\isosteph- i’m supposed to shower with antibacterial soap in the days prior to surgery and they were like you can’t put on lot… 
\isosteph- thinking about how pleasant it was to be online like one year ago before i had thousands of idiots logged on for se… 
\isosteph- simply cannot imagine having the kind of brain where someone says i don’t like this thing and ur like.....(mix of s… 
\isosteph- i think they should be allowed as quote tweet responses bc if u wanna pollute ur own feed with that shit u should b… 
\isosteph- stuff like “haha” and “this” and “i feel seen” and reaction gifs should be hidden as low quality replies by default… 
\isosteph- the language of puberty and forced change but instead of boobs and catcalls she gets twitter followers and simps 
\isosteph- classic young adult coming of age novel but it’s about a girl discovering she’s an egirl 
\isosteph- i smell like the cologne from my 10 minute uber ride 
\isosteph- i can no longer function at work because 60% of my brain is taken up by an index of names like “coolkarl420” and “anal_effervescence” 
\isosteph- i remember everyone who’s ever replied to my tweets 
\isosteph- ngl extreme competence is hot but can u do it without being boring too........let urself have a lil breakdown every… 
\isosteph- getting bored of the sf thing where ppl’s emotional repression manifests as extreme tightly controlled competence i… 
\isosteph- mike blumberd 
\isosteph- michael boombert 
\isosteph- just opened a guy’s bio and it said “professional scrum master certified by 
\isosteph- i'm on the computer 
\isosteph- i tore my acl just so i could make this bad joke 
\isosteph- excited to lie in bed after surgery.........getting ready to put the "skinny leg" in "skinny legend" 
\isosteph- feel like it's too early for this but i swear my right quad is already getting smaller 
\isosteph- one day i'm gonna do a shitton of mdma and instead of going to a rave or whatever i'm gonna just sit in bed and scr… 
\isosteph- it's designed around some use case where you find the thing you're looking for on the first try, which never happen… 
\isosteph- slack's search ui is one of the least functional things i've ever used in my life 
\isosteph- during the twitter outage i tried to post "design thinking is a curse" and it wouldn't go through and i was like fu… 
\isosteph- cool 
\isosteph- can i tweet now 
\isosteph- it's sociopathic to enjoy eating raw onions 
\isosteph- the worst thing you could probably ever do to me is tell me exactly how many software engineering dudes think i’m “relatable” 
\isosteph- limping out of the house on crutches to hang out with the scariest ppl on earth (designers).......i am so brave 
\isosteph- i'm scrolling on my phone when i see a tweet. the circumstances described in this tweet feel awfully familiar to me… 
\isosteph- "logged out successfully" is my favorite notification it's like. why would i ever expect to not log out successfull… 
\isosteph- (sage nod) ah yes and then i picked up the "thing", the "east-west" as the ancients called it, so named because of… 
\isosteph- i think a lot abt how early translation choices affected western views of china like. mandate of heaven is pretty l… 
\isosteph- western journalists in china love to talk about the mandate of heaven 
\isosteph- i love instagram bc i don’t follow any influencers and so it’s all just people i know posting entirely unironic cap… 
\isosteph- extremely rude on the part of the neuroscientists that we haven't yet figured out a way for the human brain to inge… 
\isosteph- blood pressure rising as i mark stuff like "someone joined [org you're not in]" and "meeting notes for [org you're… 
\isosteph- i get really stressed when i can't read all my emails coming in but i also subscribed myself to like 10 high traffi… 
\isosteph- don’t give a fuck if you wanna comment on how $180 is a good deal or how at least i have twitter followers lmao i’m not in the fucking mood 
\isosteph- personally i also enjoy such additional benefits as sabotaging my best &amp; most promising personal relationships, hat… 
\isosteph- a really cool thing about not growing up with a good emotional support system is later in life u don't really know… 
\isosteph- i have 2 disclaim tho that despite having no carbs the food is extremely good and every time i visit other companie… 
\isosteph- (patrick collison voice) if i were running a company with free food and i wanted my employees to be healthy, i woul… 
\isosteph- ok but have u been to stripe 
\isosteph- slept 12 hours but all my dreams were bad 
\isosteph- hate when ur resolving comments/suggesting changes on a google doc and someone pops online bc they got an email not… 
\isosteph- the first time i opened twitter and followed like 15 accounts and immediately got like 1-2 tweets per second floodi… 
\isosteph- imagine ever being "offline"........."unplugged"...... simply could not be me 
\isosteph- (learning that the uk has a law enforcement branch called the "national crime agency") lmao an agency for doing cri… 
\isosteph- twitter has completely broken my sense of "crime" being a serious word 
\isosteph- tweet posted from mt tam 
\isosteph- i'm actually entirely faking this injury in order to skip work and thus take advantage of the cool, sunny, truly op… 
\isosteph- the future of work is remote, sitting in bed, leg at full extension because a piece of bone is floating around your knee, 
\isosteph- entirely hypothetical question of course as i, personally, have never touched an illicit substance of any kind 
\isosteph- when ur doctor asks have u done drugs how much are u supposed to tell them lmfao 
\isosteph- the medical literature says i am 12 years old 
\isosteph- eating chocolate for dinner 
\isosteph- shadow inc’s mistakes can only be fixed by an equally powerful, more mysterious sonic inc 
\isosteph- literally told me this kind of injury usually happens in children whose bones are still developing. i am a confirmed huge baby 
\isosteph- getting congratulated by the doctor for in fact having such a strong acl that instead of snapping in the middle it… 
\isosteph- if i were a russian hacker i’d be pretty pissed the americans were so bad at this shit i didn’t even get to hack anything fun 
\isosteph- this app thing is so funny they should’ve known this was gonna happen. nobody has ever made an app that works 
\isosteph- “this is the perfect time for you to grow in that area of learning to accept help” absolutely fucking not 
\isosteph- my therapist is having a field day with this whole “stephanie has to ask people for help doing basic shit due to no… 
\isosteph- caucusing is so wild we should do this for everything 
\isosteph- every video i see of andrew yang trying to be funny makes me wanna jump off a cliff he has the exact same intrusive… 
\isosteph- if my left asscheek isn’t perky &amp; gorgeous at the end of this i’m gonna be so mad 
\isosteph- flashing back to how much i used to complain abt the barre instructor making us do exercises standing on the same l… 
\isosteph- anyways insanely annoyed that one of my joints doesn’t work rn but also v thankful for strength &amp; flexibility a lot… 
\isosteph- the body as a biomechanical system has always been v amazing to me even during times when i hate everything abt how… 
\isosteph- anyways if anyone has any ortho surgeon recs in sf..........pls dm 
\isosteph- going thru my mri results kinda proud of how obviously u can just see my acl ripping the fuck off the bone lmao 
\isosteph- flashing back to anatomy class taking apart a knee being like huh there’s a lot going on here all real tight bound… 
\isosteph- cracking up at how when i fell at first i stood up and was like nah i’m gonna keep skiing this is fine and now i’m… 
\isosteph- incredibly angry abt this injury primarily because it means i will be stuck in the lodge today and thus forced to watch the super bowl 
\isosteph- i’ve never been even semiseriously injured in my life how am i supposed to know what some broken bone bits and poss… 
\isosteph- the doctor is giving me weird looks bc i rated my pain a 2 to 3 and he’s like dude ur knee is pretty fucked up 
\isosteph- lmfao i have a fucking minor fracture from falling over on a basically flat fucking slope are you fucking kidding m… 
\isosteph- currently experiencing the most embarrassing day of my entire life lmao pls send hot energy my way 
\isosteph- unholy trinity 
\isosteph- the best is when like 3 uniquely powerful ppl with the ability to instakill a channel all join at the same time and… 
\isosteph- default-public general-purpose social channels are so chaotic they smash &amp; flatten all normal grouping behavior by… 
\isosteph- i love watching the cycle of life and death of social channels on a work slack 
\isosteph- honestly once you have formalized duels why stop at that i wanna see a whole efights economy. i wanna see betting i… 
\isosteph- ATTN all my haters: come fight me on the thiel app if you dare...... i will be armed &amp; ready (with Facts) 
\isosteph- wait this wasn’t in the tech review piece holy shit lol 
\isosteph- literally so much more degrading to have to verbally answer an automated phone menu than to just hit numbers on the keypad 
\isosteph- hibiscus in my yard had yellow flowers in october but is now putting out red buds probably bc of winter light &amp; tem… 
\isosteph- before i was a twitter account i was a person once 
\isosteph- briefly flirted with an idea but then the idea stopped answering my texts 
\isosteph- just experienced a solid 5 minutes where i completely forgot how to read code 
\isosteph- subscriptions like spotify etc make sense bc i'm paying for access to goods or services but subscriptions for an ap… 
\isosteph- idk what the right business model is for software but my only take is that nearly every subscription plan for a pur… 
\isosteph- pricing page is also extremely unclear and on first glance appears to say that if i don't pay $40/year i won't get… 
\isosteph- lmao never in my life have i thought "yeah i'd definitely pay $40/year for a calendar app" 
\isosteph- saw an omen on my way to work 
\isosteph- sorry just saw a post “idk why isosteph has followers her takes are so lukewarm” and like i agree but the key to tw… 
\isosteph- i often forget that my timeline looks v different from the timeline of a lot of ppl who follow me and that lots of… 
\isosteph- nothing i respect more than when i open a guy’s twitter account and he has 20k followers and only follows 100 peopl… 
\isosteph- in like freshman year of high school a boy said i intimidated him but he kinda liked it and then he bought me a ver… 
\isosteph- i feel like ads in general are not sufficiently recorded for the amount of money we put into them and for their total ubiquity in life 
\isosteph- does a blog or something exist of sf tech ads over the years i would love that. to see the ups &amp; downs trends &amp; crashes 
\isosteph- 5th and townsend is a cursed location every billboard here is bad. remember the lattice one that was like "get read… 
\isosteph- the 5th and townsend billboard rn is an envoy ad saying "remember your first envoy picture?" which uh yeah every en… 
\isosteph- feel like we don't pay enough attention to google's war against filesystems &amp; urls &amp; all forms of organization that make sense 
\isosteph- miss opening a piece of "software"......seeing a loading screen w a lil section with the names of everyone that built it 
\isosteph- wish there were more native apps 
\isosteph- a coffee table book of guys on scooters photographed to look daring &amp; majestic 
\isosteph- being genetically predisposed to body odor? couldn't be me 
\isosteph- the idea of being racist against chinese ppl by calling them unclean is so funny to me man white ppl literally have… 
\isosteph- open back sweaters are for wearing while u sit in bed w sheets freshly laundered leaning against a cute boy while i… 
\isosteph- not sure if this is like some wikhow technique "girls love when you remember the things they say!" but it doesn't w… 
\isosteph- super weird when u tweet something and then forget about it and then days or weeks later some rando references it i… 
\isosteph- i can't describe exactly what it is but every white guy with lots of opinions about china looks exactly the same 
\isosteph- thinking abt the time i had to walk some guy thru the process of "imagine YOU are ME.......how would YOU feel if so… 
\isosteph- thinking abt the time i had to walk some guy thru the process of "imagine YOU are ME.......how would YOU feel if so… 
\isosteph- hacking twitter and making it so whenever a tech guy opens the reply box on a tweet a thing pops up saying "have u… 
\isosteph- makes way more sense intuitively and also small headers are way more frequent it's so fucked up that i have to type… 
\isosteph- ok i've recently started using markdown more regularly and i know it corresponds to html but headers are all backwa… 
\isosteph- i want every single software engineer in this city walking around looking like a car accident victim by 2022 
\isosteph- trendy neck braces are an enormous market opportunity in sf just brand it as performance enhancement biohacking and… 
\isosteph- too fucking warm in the office. feminism has gone too far 
\isosteph- the single best 3 hour stretch in the 24 hour day is 12am-3am there's absolutely no competition. 12am-3am is for wr… 
\isosteph- the problem with nights is they're too versatile nights are for working and hanging out and sleeping. days are only good for hanging out 
\isosteph- working during the day fantasizing abt working at night 
\isosteph- if wayne really wants to get into it he’s added an extra comma before “and forgot” and his first comma is basically… 
\isosteph- reeling from this one. not sure how to recover 
\isosteph- to be clear i’m like 100% in favor of hsr along certain corridors like in the northeast and maybe sf to la but the… 
\isosteph- i love sleeping but i also love not sleeping. not sure how to resolve this one 
\isosteph- the upside of being way less depressed than 6 months ago is obvious however the downside is now that i can’t depres… 
\isosteph- i think the thing that offends me most about andrew yang is how he made math his whole brand when he’s probably not even that good at math 
\isosteph- the trains are nice tho &amp; super on time in big stations like shanghai hongqiao they literally don’t let u onto the… 
\isosteph- everyone loves to point at china as a model for an american nationwide high speed rail network but the chinese econ… 
\isosteph- took a nap had a dream where i was at work and did work literally wrote some code and had some meetings that’s it. this is fucked up 
\isosteph- ugly as shit in photos pretty cute in the mirror but on zoom.........absolutely in love with myself 
\isosteph- i look cuter in the zoom camera than in literally anything else 
\isosteph- out of all people on twitter crypto guys are by far the worst repliers 
\isosteph- my goto hiking top is a shitty tank i got for like $8 at forever 21 in freshman year of high school and it has hole… 
\isosteph- where can i get workout tops that don’t have the high neck cut every workout top has now. i know they r trendy but… 
\isosteph- better phrasing of what i was tryna get at idk 
\isosteph- in recent years the language of disability has expanded to acknowledge a larger more subtle spectrum of ability and… 
\isosteph- 2000 of them need to do machine learning my Web SIte doesn't have any machine learning but. i need them 
\isosteph- hiring 4000 engineers to build my Web Site. 
\isosteph- doing 200mg adderall writing 400 blog posts on how to gamify your love life for more successful &amp; value-creating lo… 
\isosteph- experiencing a dissatisfying half orgasm and telling him he’s heading for a partially meets. might have to be put on pip if this continues 
\isosteph- riding dick tracking my heart rate on my apple watch and making sure i’m hitting my sexual OKRs 
\isosteph- if you really cared about something wouldn’t you trust yourself to do what needs to be done 
\isosteph- incentives are useful for systems i think but individuals are supposed to have coherency? slippery slope from using… 
\isosteph- thinking everything from dopamine fasting to evopsych to even the popularity of workout classes — for which the arg… 
\isosteph- mulling in some half-baked &amp; untested thoughts abt how the tech person’s trend of analyzing &amp; structuring everythin… 
\isosteph- what betrayal hurts as much as the unfollow of a formerly very dedicated reply guy 
\isosteph- 
\isosteph- what if we kissed...in the incident channel 🥺 
\isosteph- ur @‘ing her on slack i’m breaking critical code causing her to get paged late on a friday night we are not the same 
\isosteph- all i want in life is a hot girl whispering french in my ear 
\isosteph- the stars r telling me to log off 
\isosteph- until i got houseplants i rly underestimated the joy of watching a new leaf unfurl 
\isosteph- it’s good when joe rogan endorses bernie bc he brings in ppl not in the base, it’s bad when [anyone in the center]… 
\isosteph- feels bad when i realize my yubikey has been blinking for several minutes without me noticing sorry baby u can have a little touch 
\isosteph- exercising "big dick energy" by replying to an email 2 weeks late without saying sorry for the late response 
\isosteph- really gross feeling when you've been on the computer for too long and start to get sweaty hands from warm keyboard 
\isosteph- drowning in data as usual 
\isosteph- twitter putting the haha face as the first react in the lineup says a lot abt their core audience.......fucked up 
\isosteph- they should randomize the order of primaries every presidential election cycle. maybe also randomize the number of… 
\isosteph- i know this is the opposite of what anki flashcards are supposed to do to you but this is not a joke..........talk… 
\isosteph- whenever computers &amp; computer ppl stress me out i like to facetime my med school friends while they go over anki flashcards. very soothing 
\isosteph- not too much tho balance is key 
\isosteph- u need a little nihilism to tweet 
\isosteph- maybe start capitalizing things when i type that'll really fuck em up 
\isosteph- what's my backup plan in case i piss off too many people and tank my career? idk i was thinking i get some minor pl… 
\isosteph- it's been a couple years still can't take "democracy dies in darkness" seriously 
\isosteph- homeopathy is a $16b industry diet pills is like $10b doesn't mean shit "works" but go off lmao 
\isosteph- tech ppl love to say this shit and it's so revealing lmao "there's a market therefore it works" only holds if your… 
\isosteph- every time i go to a concert i stand right in front of the speaker no earplugs and pray for deliverance 
\isosteph- when i was a kid i used to run all my music thru a downamplify it before putting it into itunes in college one year… 
\isosteph- personally i love waking up to other people’s alarms.....hearing their music out of their headphones.....listening… 
\isosteph- having good vision is a life advantage having good hearing is mostly a curse 
\isosteph- pictures of places carry just as much if not more emotional weight for me as pictures of people i think. a person i… 
\isosteph- can’t imagine ever hitting a point in life where i could look back over a year or two and be like huh not much new… 
\isosteph- looking thru old pictures......getting “emotional” 
\isosteph- it's really fucked up that i'm supposed to remember the stuff i learned in school about machine learning in order t… 
\isosteph- don’t follow either of these ppl don’t care to see this guy getting ratioed. get this shit off my feed 
\isosteph- the beauty of python is finding bits of code that literally are guaranteed to always fail but they've survived in t… 
\isosteph- i know it was trendy to hire a shit ton of ml engineers like 2 years ago but could u guys fix ur basic display bugs first...........thanks 
\isosteph- also got one that was like "person x (who i do follow) received a reply" from someone i don't follow and who nobody… 
\isosteph- uhh what are the new twitter feed algorithms doing i just saw a reply that popped up as "person x (who i don't foll… 
\isosteph- editing blog posts written by engineers and upping the em dash usage by approx 800% 
\isosteph- this industry is so deeply starved for originality it's insane 
\isosteph- there are far too many vc parody/joke/watcher accounts and most of them are awful but u all keep making new ones. w… 
\isosteph- for those of u suggested that follow me.........if u would be interested in speaking as part of a "bad takes salon"… 
\isosteph- rn for me it's a tie between pg and balaji but open to new contenders 
\isosteph- tournament bracket of which vc/tech ppl have the worst takes 
\isosteph- tensorflow extended cinematic universe 
\isosteph- abstinence from dairy shouldn't be the only way to live.........my body my choice 
\isosteph- iud but for lactase. sits in ur stomach 
\isosteph- this is a violation of my terms of service 
\isosteph- someone just used one of my tweets to make a point about how sf is awful Despite the kind, generous, intelligent te… 
\isosteph- (seductive whisper) kubernetes 
\isosteph- a deep &amp; sprawling knowledge base that grows bigger by the day.......a dedicated community driven by limitless curi… 
\isosteph- need a hobby thinking abt getting into qanon 
\isosteph- the world is looking to saudi arabia.......will u step up and do the right thing 
\isosteph- mbs release the nudes 
\isosteph- a really odd thing is when you post something and the very first interaction is a retweet. bold to jump straight pa… 
\isosteph- like i’ve definitely taken short ubers but honestly in 90% of cases it’s unjustifiable and i’m just being a little bitch 
\isosteph- sf lacks good options for getting across the city further than a neighborhood ish but if it’s under 2 miles you can… 
\isosteph- completely unenforceable lmao but uber/lyft rides under 1.5-2 miles rly should be banned in sf for ablebodied ppl 
\isosteph- not all software engineers look the same. this is what *i* look like when i code (picture of a baby crying while pissing itself) 
\isosteph- basically like if google docs comments were first class citizens i feel like anything from docs to notes apps to ju… 
\isosteph- lot of ppl in notes/productivity are going for these rly fancy multimedia spatial designs but i feel like a lot of… 
\isosteph- can't imagine ever preferring arm day to leg day. legs carry u over hills up and down stairs all the way thru life… 
\isosteph- patiently nodding along as adult men explain to me startling revelations they’ve had such as “people bias towards o… 
\isosteph- guys love to tell you abt new concepts they’ve recently discovered like empathy, self discipline, sexism 
\isosteph- ok interesting i thought they’d be much closer but i guess ee-pock it is 
\isosteph- "epoch": 
\isosteph- it’s 2am but i had a matcha latte sometime in the early afternoon 
\isosteph- i’m a pisces which means it’s astrologically impossible for me to have ever said anything mean to anyone in my life 
\isosteph- the coddling of the american mind is a book about how kids these days grow up without ever seeing goatse or blue waffle 
\isosteph- fetishizing effortlessness 
\isosteph- harassment is good unless it’s bad, making fun of people’s lives is funny unless it’s actually mocking depression,… 
\isosteph- left twitter has its ups and downs but it rly permits itself a truly wild degree of inconsistency for a movement pr… 
\isosteph- “how much time do you spend every day tweeting” idk man. how much time do you spend being an annoying little Shit 
\isosteph- don’t care about victorians or whatever but love small foggy beach town cute colored houses overgrown gardens power lines over the street 
\isosteph- hanging out in outer sunset and going full nimby can’t help it 
\isosteph- starting to discover the first faint traces of cellulite on my ass. this is fucked up aging is fucked up i gotta start drinking teen blood 
\isosteph- actually it's hilarious that this is happening at the same time schools no longer teach touch typing. imagining som… 
\isosteph- i'm absolutely one of those ppl who relies on ios autocorrect bc i lack basic fine motor skills and ever since i up… 
\isosteph- idk when google and apple decided it'd be cool to make autocorrect a constantly updating model but it fucking sucks… 
\isosteph- extremely uncomfy when ppl i do not know address me by my name on here in some weird effort to sound familiar or something 
\isosteph- every man at brunch in san francisco looks exactly the same 
\isosteph- eyes glazed dead smile chanting “prune the rot” as i methodically block each and every one of my followers 
\isosteph- the “do not embarrass me” tweet except u all are absolutely guaranteed to embarrass me 
\isosteph- can’t retweet anything these days lest i inflict some dumb ass software guys on someone actually cool 
\isosteph- reviewing the facts of my life and confirming that it is, in fact, a joke 
\isosteph- feelin weightless :) not in a good way :) 
\isosteph- these are all from the last 2 weeks 2020 who needs friends when u have 2 factor authentication 
\isosteph- couple weeks ago i was clearing texts off my phone and a stupid number of “conversations” were just automated servi… 
\isosteph- couple weeks ago i was clearing texts off my phone and a stupid number of “conversations” were just automated servi… 
\isosteph- nobody knows the answers to any of this and presenting any of the issues as single sided is a disservice. would muc… 
\isosteph- no mention of how the sf facial rec law actually sucks ass (in first iteration city employees couldn’t use iphones… 
\isosteph- like in this piece they mention that facebook/etc ban scraping under their terms of service like it’s a good thing.… 
\isosteph- like yeah the guy that made this is a sociopath but also it was gonna happen like that one guy said there’s no mono… 
\isosteph- oh man this piece is so great but i wish it touched more on how totally unprepared the law is to handle this shit 
\isosteph- ppl who are constantly posting stuff abt "where are the best intellectual conversations these days" or "what define… 
\isosteph- trying to figure out what it is that makes a "thought leader" in the negative sense for me and i think it's a combi… 
\isosteph- watching instagram stories captioned "i love my work soooooooo much look at our incredible lunch" and it's 5 leaves… 
\isosteph- a thing that perpetually fascinates me is a certain brand/marketing company in sf gives out free lunch but bc they… 
\isosteph- faintly nauseous thinking abt the idea of a "no meetings wednesday" 
\isosteph- i wander blind in a featureless landscape of uncertainty...........groping in the dark for answers that aren't there 
\isosteph- yeah ppl output too many logs but have u ever had a question and there are No Logs Generated to answer it!!! 
\isosteph- thinking abt when i was in seattle and we had this gorgeous view of lake union but the guy by the window insisted o… 
\isosteph- lovely sunny day outside but i can't see it bc someone has pulled the window shades down in order to "be able to se… 
\isosteph- such a weird and uncomfortable tone to strike especially in this city !! 
\isosteph- just passed a muni ad that said “so you can afford that $20 bowl of chili”. not “so you can afford to go to that ni… 
\isosteph- weird upswing in ads in sf and ny selling some kind of deal or service where the punchline is “so you can afford dinner” 
\isosteph- sorry to my employers but i simply cannot imagine thinking coherently while the sun is up 
\isosteph- i napped from 7pm to 9pm and now everyone else is asleep and i am awake and my brain is alive and life is good. this is how things should be 
\isosteph- in school this wasn't a problem because some large percentage of all thoughts good or not had to go towards some pa… 
\isosteph- over time just living life a lot of thoughts build up most of them shit worthless some of them ok and twitter is a… 
\isosteph- writing feels good 
\isosteph- lots of things come to mind hearing the phrase "body yogurt" and none of them are good 
\isosteph- just realized i'm using a lotion branded as "body yogurt". horrifying 
\isosteph- low hanging joke 
\isosteph- waiting for godot (godot is the muni) 
\isosteph- in high school biology we did breathing tests and the average human at rest breathes 12-20 times per minute and i c… 
\isosteph- i just peed for the first time since waking up at 8am today 
\isosteph- just found out on average people pee 6 to 7 times per day what the fuck 
\isosteph- honestly i'd respect workday more if it even had the cluttered crufty look of antiquated enterprise software but it… 
\isosteph- workday looks like the canonical example of "minimum viable product" except it's a 15 year old company 
\isosteph- why is workday so bad and why does every company use it. genuinely do not understand 
\isosteph- spending rest of day composing slow drawly song about all my favorite things (beer, trucks, hot girls, big data frameworks) 
\isosteph- there is something viscerally comforting abt the sonic aesthetic of country but unfortunately the words usually suck 
\isosteph- thinkin about getting really into country music 
\isosteph- inevitably the next bus after the early one is running late 
\isosteph- it’s fucked up that buses are allowed to depart early 
\isosteph- i luv them but i cannot bond with them over this as i am not in possession of a “chase sapphire reserve” which i he… 
\isosteph- hanging out over beers........talking about costco’s incentives to partner with issuing banks 
\isosteph- hanging out w work friends like ok u know how every mid twenties software engineer in sf is obsessed with credit ca… 
\isosteph- in my head there's a clear semantic connection between the concept of "full stack engineer" and the sound of loud grunting 
\isosteph- i love using my work laptop with 500gb disk storage exclusively to access data on remote servers 
\isosteph- what do u all even do all day 
\isosteph- why r there so many vcs 
\isosteph- biohacking myself to be ugly slow and tired all the time 
\isosteph- been pointed out to me that i’m not including learning impairments or mental health in here sorry when i said famil… 
\isosteph- sorry just riled at 9 in the morning by another fb post from high school advertising test prep for $100/hour anyway… 
\isosteph- if ur school meets a certain standard and you don’t have extenuating family or income circumstances you just should… 
\isosteph- holy shit amy lmao 
\isosteph- every time mayor pete begins to talk i feel compelled to punch him in the face 
\isosteph- joe biden's stage makeup is horrific his hands and face are completely different colors 
\isosteph- tom steyer's eyes terrify me 
\isosteph- you: getting worked up abt the debate 4800 year old bristlecone pine: just vibing 
\isosteph- trees! big old trees :) 
\isosteph- i'm only like 40% confident in this slice of thought leadership if there r teens out there please tell me if i'm wr… 
\isosteph- for how much the internet was hyped as a driver of visual-first communication it is interesting that in the last fe… 
\isosteph- most ppl own a second screen for productivity reasons..........mine is for vanity only 
\isosteph- i love staring at myself in the reflection of my blank monitor 
\isosteph- i know this is unrealistic engineering work is different from like individual client based legal stuff but let a girl fuckin dream 
\isosteph- vc funded software engineers should have a pro bono requirement 50 hours a year of fixing bad insurance websites or… 
\isosteph- don't know why all the Tech For Healthcare ppl are all obsessed with fancy telemedicine and shit do u know how much… 
\isosteph- criminal that i have to send in insurance claims by mail in the year of our lord 2020 
\isosteph- tbh it would be really embarrassing for the left if a bunch of tech ppl suddenly converted based solely on graph theory 
\isosteph- mind-blowing once u see it............. 
\isosteph- love to watch tech ppl get so close to understanding the history of race and class and social inequality in america… 
\isosteph- look at this shit. what the fuck is this shit. imagine paying $3000/mo to live in this garbage 
\isosteph- at some point developers here decided that it would be cool to design all new buildings here in the classic 8yo boy… 
\isosteph- conflict between character nimbys and gentrification nimbys and affordable only yimbys and rich tech yimbys is gett… 
\isosteph- sb50 but as long as the new apartment buildings don't look like all the ugly blocks of shit they built all over soma 
\isosteph- just watched these kids run like 3 blocks uphill to catch the muni every adult i know would’ve just given up and waited for the next one 
\isosteph- i love the way little kids run full speed full sprint like they’re never gonna get tired 
\isosteph- love to log on and see enormous quantities of productive political discourse on the tl 
\isosteph- every infra team eventually becomes a “platform” every product team eventually becomes an “experience” 
\isosteph- as a Girl this is what i thrive on.... this is my lifeblood. the fuel that keeps me going through my darkest hours 
\isosteph- rolling into work at noon graceful as fuck telling my manager my horoscope told me i deserve nights 
\isosteph- if u aren’t astounded by my grace these days..........good bye 
\isosteph- yes 
\isosteph- big ups tho for casting an ABG Who Does Squats this is important cultural inclusion 
\isosteph- there are only 2 flavors of bachelor girls now thin lip blonde and full lip brunette 
\isosteph- i’m tired 
\isosteph- purpose of a bf is not love or support or whatever it’s so you always have a guaranteed someone to drag to all the… 
\isosteph- obviously there’s hair/eye color variation among nonwhite pops and obviously white ppl can recognize other features… 
\isosteph- would like to read a study on the ways nonwhite writers over the last couple thousand years have described people i… 
\isosteph- iphone optimized charging is stupid how dare this glass brick presume to know if i wanna get up at 7:30 or 9am what… 
\isosteph- there are too many people on this account i should make an alt but i do not know how to fracture my personality in the appropriate manner 
\isosteph- twitter is not a website for “discussion” or “interactions” twitter is a website for me to yell into the void 
\isosteph- insane delusion perfect feeling 
\isosteph- miss falling in love lmao 
\isosteph- had a brief gnat thing with one of my plants so i got those yellow sticky traps where the gnats are drawn to the co… 
\isosteph- other cities have things like “seasons” and “fashion” and so forth but i greatly enjoy being able to do errands aro… 
\isosteph- thinking abt the sincerity w which lorde said “maybe the internet raised us” on pure heroine 
\isosteph- i saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by thought leadership, contrarian pseudointellectual obsessive, dra… 
\isosteph- if ur under 30 and doing anything with ur social media that's not shitposting u gotta get it together 
\isosteph- only thing more depressing than reading thought leadership from 35yos is reading thought leadership from 25yos 
\isosteph- if someone makes a fucking d2c brand called "stephanie" i swear to god i will make it my life's mission to personal… 
\isosteph- one word names are also so 2015 but unfortunately nothing good has come up to replace them. in 2020 all b2b apps ar… 
\isosteph- one word startup names need to stop everything is overloaded i don't know what words mean anymore. quip is a notes… 
\isosteph- twitter verify me u cowards 
\isosteph- what is this lmao 
\isosteph- it’s been really inspiring to see all the guys from school who were doing bad social app startups in 2014 try to pi… 
\isosteph- all my problems stem from not ever getting to play in the mcdonald’s playground ball pit thing as a child i think 
\isosteph- deeply soul sucking to have to preempt replies on my own tweets but still not as soul sucking as actually watching… 
\isosteph- if ur thinking abt hitting the reply button saying something like “no pls keep going i love ur tweets” that’s my le… 
\isosteph- scrolled past a bad vc tweet totally ignored the urge to say something 2020 we do self control 
\isosteph- the straight male reading pyramid goes something like level 0 completely illiterate level 1 only reads nonfiction l… 
\isosteph- trying to imagine being on a date with a guy who knew how to read words in any human language 
\isosteph- would love 2 say i'm talking abt thongs a lot but i think it's just my finger default slides to G after hitting the TH combo 
\isosteph- probably 60-70% of the time when i type python i type pythong instead don't know what this says about me 
\isosteph- tfw u pass the interviews and then they ask u to traverse a linked list for real 
\isosteph- actually idk if twitter is gonna be able to do reply limits correctly since every reply is its own tweet and if u d… 
\isosteph- after weeks of the office being slightly too warm, today it is slightly too cold........something's up 
\isosteph- grimes however might be the only person on the planet who can summon the requisite dark forces to make this happen. i believe in u claire 
\isosteph- elon musk had a son in 2002 then male twins in 2004 then male triplets in 2006 if grimes doesn't give birth to at l… 
\isosteph- insane that i cannot “have it all” 
\isosteph- probably bad advice but at the same time i am intrigued by the new &amp; exotic idea of entering even the most casual o… 
\isosteph- just remembered my therapist keeps telling me i should try dating musicians 
\isosteph- honestly i get off on actively using 2 laptops and a phone all at the same time. maybe a kindle open too or a notebook 
\isosteph- oat milk is good tho 
\isosteph- steak nights with ur friends drinks on tuesdays drugs on weekends sleep whenever ur tired 2am if that may be. no cr… 
\isosteph- wonder if she’s annoyed her bike always disappears by noon wonder how she gets back home 
\isosteph- wonder if she’s annoyed her bike always disappears by noon wonder how she gets back home 
\isosteph- i love the weird anonymous relationships the dockless ebikes create most mornings i pick up a bike that appears nea… 
\isosteph- making meaningful eye contact with the other people biking thru sf without helmets like ah.....i see you also crave death 
\isosteph- feel like i've spent too long as a lmaoer now. don't know what's coming next but maybe it's time to experiment with… 
\isosteph- fondly reminiscing in groupchat abt our annual college event where like a thousand undergrads would get shitfaced,… 
\isosteph- "elsif" is the absolute worst implementation of the concept "else if" 
\isosteph- actually all girls are cute and should be allowed to reply to whatever they want 
\isosteph- twitter reply option where the only replies u get are from - people u follow - cute girls 
\isosteph- correct takes from @wongmjane here — no reply that's ever come into a normal person's tweet after the 1000 fav mark… 
\isosteph- so far the only people who are actually pissed abt the reply limit option are dudes who think everyone should give a shit abt their opinion 
\isosteph- the beginning is always hard bc ur like what if i fuck up someone else's code? and the key is to keep going eventua… 
\isosteph- looking at the entrypoints to a massive code refactor and taking a deep breath..............we're going in boys 
\isosteph- u can talk about "megs" or "gigs" but there's no good shortening of terabytes or petabytes and that's why big data should be illegal 
\isosteph- nobody that regularly uses the 🤣 emoji has ever had a good opinion 
\isosteph- this is easy shit guys come on 
\isosteph- multiple things here are true: - 120k base at a brand name tech company in a brand name tech city is below market -… 
\isosteph- imagine being this out of the loop 
\isosteph- just realized i’m trapping myself with this one let me clarify by “undefeated” i mean “totally out of touch” and by… 
\isosteph- software engineers are undefeated in the modern age bc they are totally immune to irony if the face value is flatte… 
\isosteph- the replies to this are atrocious the point is not abt how much he’s making the point is that nobody gives a fuck a… 
\isosteph- feels dirty 
\isosteph- gently cradling my mid 2014 8gb/256gb personal laptop to my chest as i reach past it to type on my much newer, sexier work laptop 
\isosteph- all media &amp; journalism ppl who follow me......please cease writing articles until i can get this tab situation under control 
\isosteph- over the holidays i got from 150 tabs open on my phone down to like 70 but now i’m back to 108 life just rly doesn’t stop does it 
\isosteph- me after a long day on the tl 
\isosteph- i think the thing most lacking in my life is i never got to use one of those funky lookin chemistry lab eyewash things 
\isosteph- im wet just thinking about the prospect of being 10 ft away from employee number 12 at a series A company 
\isosteph- seeing a clean-cut software engineer walking down the street and finding myself irresistibly, magnetically, mortall… 
\isosteph- imagine this mdma but u can do it forever 
\isosteph- fucked up that nothing like catnip exists for humans 
\isosteph- “i asked my developer”: an oral history of the 3 total people in san francisco who saw a twilio “ask your developer… 
\isosteph- don’t understand tech billboards either it’s a company everyone in tech already knows or it’s some random startup t… 
\isosteph- (chugging entire bottle of trader joe’s extra virgin olive oil) keto 
\isosteph- tried to think a thought longer than 280 chars just now and really just couldn’t 
\isosteph- i actually really hate being a huge raging bitch on this website but jesus christ so many of you are just so fuckin… 
\isosteph- it's like of course lots of men are great! if you're actually a great guy chances are most women already think you'… 
\isosteph- me: men— some guy: nOt All mEN 
\isosteph- tbh i didn’t know any australians actually lived in australia i thought they all lived in berlin 
\isosteph- that EVEREREVE block in the middle is completely insane 
\isosteph- took me like a full minute to parse SEVEREREVENGE in the iran video 
\isosteph- this of course from a man who had to have kids to learn to value human life 
\isosteph- bringing back this gem from pg real quick 
\isosteph- usually when i go to bed i’m not really tired yet i think if i slept the way i wanted to i’d be on like a 26 or 27 hour day 
\isosteph- i love to sleep but too often it feels like it comes at the price of being awake 
\isosteph- brain has only 2 modes dumb shit tweet or pretentious incendiary calling for the downfall of kings 
\isosteph- don't know what happened to my brain in college but i literally cannot just "write these notes up real quick" every… 
\isosteph- crazy that in order to do things i wanna do sometimes i have to first do things i don’t wanna do 
\isosteph- someone called me “twitterati” don’t know what that is i’m just some dumb girl online 
\isosteph- mornings are good nights are wonderful afternoons are garbage 
\isosteph- a lil tingle in the back of my brain every time i slam the new “do not sell my personal information” buttons on websites 
\isosteph- do we think it fucks you up more to have 20k followers gained over 10 years of deep &amp; mindwarping twitter immersion… 
\isosteph- welcome to the asylum i’ve been waiting for u 
\isosteph- i love watching other ppl on here gain a stupid big number of followers in a short amount of time and begin a rapid descent into madness 
\isosteph- acking incident by telling it to shut the fuck up snowflake this isn't a safe space 
\isosteph- logging off twitter and destressing with several enormous bumps of ground up birth control 
\isosteph- i'm sorry i can't stop posting this dead horse tech guy bullshit but these people truly fill me with childlike wond… 
\isosteph- tech guys are really reconstructing basic how to be a human being skills from the ground up at the age of 30 
\isosteph- i’m gonna be thinking abt this tweet for the rest of my life 
\isosteph- “having kids” is a thing soooo frequently espoused by men in tech as the best thing that ever happened to them lmfa… 
\isosteph- vcs love 2 be like wanna be perfectly content &amp; self satisfied like me? just find your perfect partner buy a home i… 
\isosteph- none of these are life hacks lol 
\isosteph- left with something in your hand that feels like a cold used condom 
\isosteph- squeezing sausage out of the casing is one of the most disturbing sensations a person can experience 
\isosteph- plain html website implies one of two kinds of clout either you're a cool designer who doesn't give a fuck or you'r… 
\isosteph- making my website plaintext html like all the trendy designers are doing these days but not to be trendy just simpl… 
\isosteph- area behind mckinley square is magic tho i’d live here if i had the glutes 
\isosteph- people going on runs in potrero hill are so brave 
\isosteph- i’m done with this web site 
\isosteph- google books still living in 2008 like “email or IM” i kinda like it 
\isosteph- yearning for connection, the meeting of kindred spirits in a cold &amp; vast world? or just horny 
\isosteph- eating full dairy ice cream in defiance of god 
\isosteph- opened a twitter profile with no display name got unexpectedly disoriented by the lack of bold text while scrolling 
\isosteph- nonlinear organization for user content is never gonna be good until we figure out good underlying data models BUT… 
\isosteph- the big promise of all the cool new apps is nonlinear organization and that's like, cool but i'm imagining if notio… 
\isosteph- .txt files never break on u never overpromise u never disappear on u wake me up when ur app can manage that 
\isosteph- trying out beta versions of 5 different next gen note taking/knowledge organization apps, finding none of them 100%… 
\isosteph- smashing the overton window with a sledgehammer and jumping right the fuck out 
\isosteph- specific recommendations pls if u don’t remember specifics and can only say “take online courses!” then i don’t need to hear from u 
\isosteph- i think.........i am gonna aim for good enough understanding that i could do ok on the mcat lmfao 
\isosteph- i haven’t taken any basic science classes in years and years and this year i would like to patch the rapidly wideni… 
\isosteph- one thing i never realized as a kid was how much as an adult i’d be craving noodles all the time 
\isosteph- most Tech Discourse recently has been about huge corporations or individual crazy characters and i loved the way th… 
\isosteph- hello........ i am lucky to be reading @annawiener’s new book and it is extremely good!! if u work in tech u should… 
\isosteph- thinking abt falling in love this year with someone with “musings” in their bio. or maybe someone who replies to trump tweets idk 
\isosteph- nothing like either of the world wars re: total mobilization is a thing that really happens anymore at all much les… 
\isosteph- idk if this is a bad take but everyone talking both ironically and unironically about "world war 3" comes off as kind of a callous dipshit 
\isosteph- don’t know where he even got this pretty sure it’s like a screenshot of a screenshot of the flag on wikipedia which… 
\isosteph- president of the united states just tweeted out the most low res picture of an american flag i could possibly imagine but that’s cool 
\isosteph- something something pete buttigieg 
\isosteph- going around referring to the kinsey scale as the mckinsey scale 
\isosteph- angrily shaking my fist at my computer and yelling abt how in my day we let kids make type errors and hit segfaults… 
\isosteph- deciding for 2020 i'm gonna pick one opinion on each of the areas i tend to tweet abt and make that my whole person… 
\isosteph- inclusive of like fashion people and art people and font people and ux people all of u terrify me 
\isosteph- designers are the scariest people on twitter 
\isosteph- lookin at some big data and just totally losing it :) 
\isosteph- all just posting constantly on this website hoping to be the jellicle choice 
\isosteph- cats but the jellicle cats are egirls 
\isosteph- how many languages can you immerse a baby in before you fuck up their ability to learn any language at all 
\isosteph- wanna drive across the country for like 3 months 
\isosteph- goodreads but no reviews no ratings no reading challenge no recommendations no progress trackers everyone just gets… 
\isosteph- mindfulness is too hard for me i need a pop psychology of self care that revolves around completely losing it all the time 
\isosteph- does anyone know of good writing on online spaces from an architecture perspective 
\isosteph- like 10% of my total memory of my own life is just dreams. would be more if i was better at writing them down when i wake up 
\isosteph- weird &amp; kinda sociopathic to not have dreams when u sleep 
\isosteph- got weirdly sentimental drunk and gave my roommate a whole speech abt love then texted a really sweet happy new yea… 
\isosteph- friends were like we have to hang out today come over! and i show up and apparently “hang out” means “watch marriag… 
\isosteph- very chill &amp; normal progressive opinions 
\isosteph- basically every twitter famous comedian has a bunch of racist shit against asians back in their history and it’s ex… 
\isosteph- learning v slowly there is nothing gained in being an anxiety-ridden little bitch abt the things i want 
\isosteph- learning v slowly there is nothing gained in being an anxiety-ridden little bitch abt the things i want 
\isosteph- ty to 2019 i did a lot this year and also this year did a lot to me i think i am only beginning to feel the effects… 
\isosteph- what makes an egirl 
\isosteph- crazy that in new york they get everyone to act out the whole ball drop thing 3 hours in advance just so they can a… 
\isosteph- most ppl don’t know this but the new year doesn’t technically start until it hits midnight pacific. sorry to all my… 
\isosteph- i have never been simultaneously more and less horny in my entire life 
\isosteph- i have seen god 
\isosteph- i am about to watch the movie cats 
\isosteph- the free soup is still so fucking funny to me like. on some days u could grab 2 cups of clam chowder and call it a… 
\isosteph- not enough people in this world understand the basic hilarity of several hundred business douchebags and nerdy engi… 
\isosteph- the funniest thing abt the idea of mike bloomberg running his white house like he runs his business is at bloomberg… 
\isosteph- on second glance this is the funniest tweet i’ve ever posted 
\isosteph- i miss yo 
\isosteph- sequence of perfect sunny day to perfect rainy day to perfect sunny day that is happening in sf rn is how winter we… 
\isosteph- 2020 no more computer tweets computers are for big stupid boys, 2020 all i know is tweets about oat milk pastries and chapstick 
\isosteph- can’t make a single tweet about computers on this cursed app without some idiots being like “ever used AWS? 😂” “eve… 
\isosteph- we live in the shittiest most broken possible prison of our own stupid making 
\isosteph- trying to file a reimbursement for work and the page keeps telling me i have to "fill in all form fields" to submit… 
\isosteph- what if i just logged every stupid consumer software bug i have to experience in 2020 
\isosteph- fantasizing abt being the kind of girl who surfs 
\isosteph- modern star-crossed tragedy 
\isosteph- in 2020 we stop tweeting abt reply guys and simply block anyone that says You’re so funny i love your tweets 😌 
\isosteph- i have an announcement to make Please cease all engagement with my tweets 
\isosteph- tbh this website gives me way more social anxiety than irl 
\isosteph- fun period earlier this year when i was bored &amp; depressed and ended up only sleeping like 4 hours a night for almos… 
\isosteph- probably totally normal that if i have too much free time and nothing to do my brain decides it’s a great idea to s… 
\isosteph- too obsessed w the passage of time to not care abt arbitrary distinctions like the year number sorry!! 
\isosteph- 2020 twitter should just disable replies &amp; quote tweets for everyone for the whole year 
\isosteph- splitting my personality into 5 so i can experience the same moment with 5 different kinds of background music at the same time 
\isosteph- podcasts i knew about but the existence of people who make them......fucked up 
\isosteph- trying to think of the most disturbing thing i discovered in 2019 and i think it’s gotta be podcasters 
\isosteph- first thought was post smarter but post dumber might be the move 
\isosteph- can’t decide if 2020 i should post less or post more 
\isosteph- my dad works in computer hardware where u get like, one shot every few years to correctly engineer &amp; manufacture ur… 
\isosteph- this menu is the only way you can cancel your order or change your address so even if the restaurant hasn’t even ac… 
\isosteph- one of my all time favorite garbage design patterns lmao who the fuck made this 
\isosteph- just read a piece where a guy ordered a diet coke at lunch and the writer was like “hmm......not a kombucha kinda californian i see” 
\isosteph- whenever an east coast writer/reporter interviews someone from california they are contractually obligated to point… 
\isosteph- hello 911 yes i need a bf to come here and open the childproof lock on my eaze order for me thank u 
\isosteph- pepper crusted salami was easily italy’s greatest invention 
\isosteph- went to the grocery store for the first time in a while told myself i could have a little salami but ended up eatin… 
\isosteph- if when i say “san francisco” ur first thoughts are of a sense of politics or technology or social issues instead o… 
\isosteph- love (hate) that “what are ur thoughts on san francisco” has become like, the most effective litmus test for politi… 
\isosteph- new yorker style guide continues to be utterly cursed 
\isosteph- think i'm having a quarter life crisis it's 1am on a friday night and i'm on craigslist like. what if i bought a digital piano 
\isosteph- still remember being like 13 some friends and i were on omegle and a man told us he wanted to "stroke your smooth s… 
\isosteph- clicked on this and turns out it's the god damn kpop people. this is so disgraceful omegle isn't for stanning loona… 
\isosteph- the ocean is soooo cool and we r blindly fucking it as usual :) 
\isosteph- held out like a month to see if i’d change my mind and nope i hate it 
\isosteph- ios13 sucks 
\isosteph- feels very post-nuclear 
\isosteph- just binged mr robot s4 wondering who was the first to do the "reset the timeline via enormous release of energy" p… 
\isosteph- LA mostly terrifies me but the fact that u can see snow covered mountains from the beach in the winter is pretty sick 
\isosteph- reveling in the total all consuming drama of my own emotions this year before i get too far from myself and start l… 
\isosteph- me? simply young &amp; stupid......lost &amp; confused 
\isosteph- the y in y combinator actually stands for the scientific basis of gender 
\isosteph- lmao 
\isosteph- every snapchat esque feature on instagram annoys me bc they’re features for ephemerality tacked onto an app made fo… 
\isosteph- i keep tweeting abt this but anyways just remembered 2 more things i loved which were a) open direct to camera whic… 
\isosteph- missing snapchat again 
\isosteph- all computers should be preprogrammed so when u write ur first hello world the world tells u to fuck right off 
\isosteph- just bc ur still drunk off ur first hello world doesn't mean anyone gives a shit abt what u have to say!! 
\isosteph- ppl outside tech truly do not understand the insane &amp; stupid arrogance that dudes develop when u give them magic co… 
\isosteph- it takes like 2 brain cells to figure out if someone is soliciting opinions or if they are unsure of what they're t… 
\isosteph- all i want for christmas is to be able to tweet something like "i wish i could do xyz" — a single want! one (1) des… 
\isosteph- wish u could reset the twitter algorithm every once in a while wonder how many ppl i follow whose tweets i never see 
\isosteph- when i tweet for 90 hours a week at all times of day &amp; night? that’s me changing the world baby 
\isosteph- it’s always so embarrassing when a tech twitter debate slips out and catches the attention of other people 
\isosteph- woke up w the best morning abs i’ve had in a long time. traipsing downstairs for breakfast thinking abt the transience of beauty 
\isosteph- merry christmas to the 8 other tables of people in this chinese restaurant and nobody else 
\isosteph- so embarrassing to reveal all ur angst via the music u play to other people. save that shit for ur public twitter account 
\isosteph- cannot believe i am blood relations with a “softboi” 
\isosteph- my brother’s road trip playlist so far has been “melodrama” from lorde’s melodrama, a slow &amp; soulful nao track, and… 
\isosteph- the most romantic thing you can do in the winter is sit side by side with a boy on the chairlift just the two of yo… 
\isosteph- made it to an hour before we hit the logical endpoint of every such conversation which is him going “you kids know… 
\isosteph- having “reasoned debates” about politics with my dad merry christmas 
\isosteph- stephanie can have a little snow sparkling off the trees in the morning, as a treat 
\isosteph- he is pro-trump, pro-sex work, anti-feminism, pro-reincarnation, anti-climate change, pro-math education, anti-gmo,… 
\isosteph- I am on a serious quest for a Republican Tantra Goddess. 
\isosteph- Goodbye (no kiss) 
\isosteph- dad: ok see here i know i’m gonna win this hand bc all aces and kings are gone already. feed me points me, brain the size of a peanut: what 
\isosteph- dad is disappointed bc i’m too dumb to count cards &amp; keep losing rounds thus failing to hold on to my generational landowning status 
\isosteph- playing ancient chinese card games w the fam in which the proles overthrow the landlords 
\isosteph- my brother just declined my offer of the aux and opted to put on noise canceling headphones instead. cardinal sin 
\isosteph- i love driving across open flat land that goes on forever i love the open sky 
\isosteph- ok i am bonding with my dad over uhh ISO quality assurance standards and bon iver 
\isosteph- gonna start slipping more and more outrageous music into the queue until someone says something 
\isosteph- love to be stuck on a 4 hour drive w the fam realizing the 4 of you have nearly 0 shared interests or cultural touchstones 
\isosteph- thinking abt what kind of brain worms i’d need to have to self identify as “the writing guy” 
\isosteph- maaaybe the actual post is fine bc it’s abt a specific use case but the comments that take “we’re losing attention… 
\isosteph- writhing in pain at the comments on this 
\isosteph- sometimes guys will comment like “Do you tweet in lowercase to be edgy?” sir pls know that when i was like 12 i man… 
\isosteph- liking a post makes u happy liking a post makes me happy ty jack for hacking me into this feedback loop 
\isosteph- twitter fav is one of the nicer haptic feedbacks out there 
\isosteph- a crucial thing abt paper is handwriting is less instantly readable than typed text and for me it means it’s much e… 
\isosteph- for a while i’ve wanted a space to write more like some journaling some assorted observations some dumb bullshit an… 
\isosteph- for a long time i used to try and curate my instagram explore to be mostly regular friends of friends and nice plac… 
\isosteph- (lawyer voice) your honor, we have absolutely no evidence here that the defendant does Not have adhd 
\isosteph- wanna go for a swim wanna go for a drive wanna buy a new computer get good at piano again and also chinese and also… 
\isosteph- feelin restless what’s new 
\isosteph- i’m too young to be this terminally sentimental 
\isosteph- sending links between mobile &amp; desktop is a pretty common flow and it's dumb that i'm opening up mobile-width page designs on a 13in screen 
\isosteph- idk shit abt web dev so someone tell me if i'm wrong here but it feels like bad design to have mobile-specific layo… 
\isosteph- in school at least i had psets and took notes and shit now all i know is tweet and code 
\isosteph- panicking realizing i don’t remember the last time i wrote something by hand 
\isosteph- my local chinese supermarket finally realized nobody gave a shit abt parking and just gave up on drawing lines that… 
\isosteph- left twitter ppl are all consumed with fighting over what like 10 assorted individuals’ opinions on contemporary mo… 
\isosteph- cracking up at the idea of uploading all my info and identification to ~experian~ so it's like, Really all in one p… 
\isosteph- not many ppl know this, but snail mail letters titled NOTICE OF DATA BREACH are in fact my primary love language 
\isosteph- also extremely fucked up that they snail mailed this when i know for a fact they have my email on file 
\isosteph- my friends know this but this internship was awful for me from start to finish. SO glad it continues to haunt me from beyond the grave 
\isosteph- he’ll ya merry christmas to me!! 
\isosteph- the mood rn is “alone in your room at 3am pining for your ex in the dark” except there’s 4 people in the car and it’s us and our parents 
\isosteph- there’s like 1 rule to driving music and it’s pick something mostly normal &amp; at least medium energy for the sake of… 
\isosteph- i need 2 be deplatformed 
\isosteph- doing DARE in 5th grade was so useless i don’t remember a single one of the scary stories abt drugs they told us an… 
\isosteph- locking myself in a room for a weekend trying desperately to empathize with jared kushner. when they finally open t… 
\isosteph- design thinking workshop where we try to fix american politics but during the “empathy” stage go completely rabidly… 
\isosteph- we (u, me, ur girlfriend) could be like this but u playin 
\isosteph- every single application of gpt2 i have seen so far has been to ruin something good and beautiful whether it be jou… 
\isosteph- this is absolute internet culture writer bait “what does it mean for dril, an account so absurd as to resemble mang… 
\isosteph- some of these posts are individually actually pretty good. upsetting 
\isosteph- technology has finally gone too far 
\isosteph- idk what the difference between all the kinds of christianity are but they are great at naming things. catholic epi… 
\isosteph- “evangelical” is a rly pretty word 
\isosteph- need to stop tweeting on caffeine lmao 
\isosteph- also put all ur fuckin contractions back in there u are a human not an MLA style robot 
\isosteph- on the subject of college and uhh more of my unsolicited opinions if ur currently writing applications there's a go… 
\isosteph- it's ok to benefit from systems u may not totally agree with it's ok to kiss ass at the hoover inst if it gets u th… 
\isosteph- the greatest thing abt going to eLiTe college is following a certain subset of ur classmates with bios like "abolis… 
\isosteph- can absolutely 100% envision pete buttigieg sitting at a computer furiously editing his own wikipedia making sure t… 
\isosteph- i was so fuckin cool back in the day 
\isosteph- i miss the phase of the early 2010s where we'd just earnestly yell stupid shit like yolo! epic fail! pwned! all par… 
\isosteph- next year i simply need to get hotter. also smarter and less lazy and more chill and more fun and more thoughtful a… 
\isosteph- so is anyone still writing their substack newsletters or are we over that one 
\isosteph- an extremely non-problem problem is our office has too many plants of various kinds so when buying plants for mysel… 
\isosteph- maybe in like 2023 
\isosteph- can’t wait to find emotional support &amp; meaningful connection so i can finally stop tweeting 
\isosteph- "warehouse set 2019 (byzantine healthcare mix)" 
\isosteph- watching the debate but with a 3 hour techno mix on in the background. highly recommend 
\isosteph- horny for research &amp; scholarship due to my ancestral confucian values 
\isosteph- ppl who endure the bullshit of academia for love of research deserve the world 
\isosteph- a bunch of phd students and postdocs followed me off that one tweet just want u nerds to know that u are doing good… 
\isosteph- this should be illegal 
\isosteph- the weights/mat room at my gym doesn’t play music and is kinda detached from even the cardio machines so it’s just… 
\isosteph- i Need to watch the cats movie.......i have never felt more strongly called to anything in my life 
\isosteph- since when has "let's just regex it" been a good strategy on any kind of sensitive user facing problem ever 
\isosteph- sometimes i think abt whatever good intentioned person it was that compiled the standard profanity lists and how th… 
\isosteph- just wanna know who does the front page design for bloomberg businessweek 
\isosteph- 2 generations of physicists in the family only to produce a dumb bitch tech sellout who can't even remember f=ma...… 
\isosteph- love to open a systems paper and see this.............sir i studied computer science because i was Bad at physics,… 
\isosteph- tho i am floored by the angry phds who r like “doctors are trade school simpletons” lmao tell that to ur doctor next time ur ready to Die 
\isosteph- i was only ever a fake grad student and only for a hot second sry for stealing academia valor 
\isosteph- phd: - not even real doctor - the fuck is “philosophy” 1500s kinda fake ass field - nobody knows how to capitalize… 
\isosteph- convenient that “tensorflow” and “the fuck” abbreviate to the same thing 
\isosteph- extremely crucial ingredients: window-facing desk for watching the trees outside, space heater for warm feet, speak… 
\isosteph- rainy day work from home is a beautiful thing 
\isosteph- lmaooooo bro ur neural nets don't work? mine don't either. sick 
\isosteph- i miss u 
\isosteph- mark zuckerberg can have little a my data, as a treat 
\isosteph- both a) short term dynamic working environments and b) long term indexing and organization feel like they are ok an… 
\isosteph- oops not clear in first tweet but i mean like any kind of system where both live project management as well as long… 
\isosteph- does anyone know of a single company or organization with a documentation/internal knowledge organization system that isn't a dumpster fire 
\isosteph- can someone explain to me. what are Payments 
\isosteph- this is my joker origin story but for a turn into anti-technology christian fundamentalism 
\isosteph- (deep manic breaths) i know that when tech guys appear in my replies just to miss an obvious joke i know that they… 
\isosteph- once upon a time someone built this............who they are and what they wanted we will never know. don't tell me… 
\isosteph- i love seeing code comments written in the first person but unsigned it's like reading notes from a ghost 
\isosteph- have this favorite recurring dream where i’m running across this open plain grass is golden sky is blue i never get… 
\isosteph- why do i feel strain in my social relationships rn? idk i skipped kindergarten 
\isosteph- venting to my therapist abt all the inconsequential bullshit on my mind rn and when asked why do i think this happe… 
\isosteph- kinda fucked that the sfpl hasn't reserved a special copy of everything just for me...........is this the future liberals want 
\isosteph- just wanna read all the same stuff everyone else is reading sorry to be unoriginal!! 
\isosteph- discarding my plan of turing testing every software engineer in san francisco after realizing there might not be en… 
\isosteph- stress testing internal irony/sincerity meter by scrolling through several threads of tech people discussing in gre… 
\isosteph- closing eyes putting on new kaytranada hoping the machines learn by themselves 
\isosteph- every monday i wake up and im like. can't believe today i have to do mAchIne lEARnign 
\isosteph- kind of rude when a shitty startup emails all ur friends to try to recruit them but not u........i would never work… 
\isosteph- spending my 20s carefully cultivating my single small wisp of innate self esteem into full blown megalomania 
\isosteph- any decently good recommender (ie shows u things that are like the things u like) + minimally filtered user generat… 
\isosteph- “tiktok is fun! it reads ur preferences in like 15 videos!” as if tiktok recommendations haven’t already also becom… 
\isosteph- kinda weird how ppl are super enthusiastic abt tiktok and specifically the accuracy of the tiktok recommendation al… 
\isosteph- once a woman at a cafe yelled at me bc i was talking loudly about “finger fucking” in reference to the thing where… 
\isosteph- described something as “hand action” to friend and she thought i meant fingering when obviously i meant holding han… 
\isosteph- chest hurts 
\isosteph- how the fuck have i never read dept of speculation 
\isosteph- bought a shirt and it was a lil too tight but i missed the return period so. guess i have to get skinny now 
\isosteph- everyone in san francisco is buying flowers today 
\isosteph- concerned how many “very online” people on this website seem to be taking the washington examiner seriously 
\isosteph- mom i have “haters” can u pick me up from the internet 
\isosteph- telling my mom how a bunch of famous &amp; important people in my industry sorta know who i am and it’s not for any pro… 
\isosteph- oh fuck it’s sunny in sf i can finally tan my asshole 
\isosteph- drafts, week of dec 9 
\isosteph- nothing captures the last decade for me more than seeing this made up word from a tumblr for angsty teenage girls b… 
\isosteph- this is the only question one could possibly want to answer with a time machine 
\isosteph- u know how humans 2000 years ago were mostly shorter than humans today do we think they had bigger or smaller dicks 
\isosteph- i love being young and stupid 
\isosteph- just now finding out the forever alone meme only happened in 2010 when i thought it came into being in the primordi… 
\isosteph- lying in bed on a friday night in dec 2019 watching the video "what does the fox say" dreaming of a simpler time 
\isosteph- a moment of silence, of course, for the reblog 
\isosteph- kind of strange that "retweet" has bled out of twitter and is now the default verb for "share" when talking about w… 
\isosteph- i would trade all my brain cells to have one of those sexy low throat voices 
\isosteph- a lot of tech companies are shitty at support for scale reasons the same way they are shitty at moderation but tryi… 
\isosteph- insane &amp; infuriating the lengths that certain consumer apps go to prevent you from getting meaningful support when you run into issues 
\isosteph- our team is called "navigation platform experience" and it has 4 engineers a designer and a product manager. we spe… 
\isosteph- entering a meditative state and visualizing myself as a 25 year old software engineer announcing with the utmost si… 
\isosteph- the fuck is a penis fish 
\isosteph- they were super dumb but also when was the last time a startup did anything fun 
\isosteph- kinda miss the pink lyft mustaches 
\isosteph- excited for everyone to leave town next week so i can sit at a nice coffee shop in peace and close out the 152 tabs… 
\isosteph- i was always disaster minded as a kid i didn’t find out sleeping naked was even allowed until like 5th grade a girl… 
\isosteph- often wonder what would happen if the massive earthquake we have all been waiting for hit one night when i’m sleeping naked 
\isosteph- love to show off my secure attachment style by texting my friends hello helo hellloookoooo on 5 different messaging… 
\isosteph- personally i love when i call an uber or lyft and it tells me i could be at my destination in anywhere from 15 minutes to 2 hours 
\isosteph- took three (3) sips of cold brew and i can feel every muscle fiber in my body twitching 
\isosteph- every time someone tweets something abt a random tech dude on the street and captions it “peak san francisco” i lose 3 brain cells 
\isosteph- a thing i really hate is “san francisco” becoming a metonym for “the tech industry” u guys already have “silicon valley” leave sf alone 
\isosteph- nice to think back on some highlights of this year 
\isosteph- pete buttigieg can speak in 7 languages but i can code in 7 so who wins now mother fucker. make me the president 
\isosteph- just want to one day have as much fun as business &amp; ops teams at tech companies 
\isosteph- at least w trump or yang or something u could argue ur looking for something different but pete is literally more o… 
\isosteph- still truly don’t understand why anyone even started talking abt mayor pete in the first place 
\isosteph- there are a lot of good feelings in the world and not a single one compares to the bliss of being stupid exhausted… 
\isosteph- god i love to sleep 
\isosteph- imagine not being starved for affection lmao what’s that like 
\isosteph- “sea” has always been kind of a dinky word for what it describes, “ocean” is better but a little too overwhelming i… 
\isosteph- in chinese there is the word 云海 (yún hǎi) meaning “cloud ocean” or “sea of clouds” anyways none of the english phra… 
\isosteph- i love flying into sf when it’s foggy on the ground.....up here it is sunny &amp; clear and we r sailing past mt diablo… 
\isosteph- waiter at bottomless brunch was like “i’m gonna get u guys coffees to go” and came back and handed everyone a cover… 
\isosteph- hotel suite has a couples shower..........anyone want 2 do some ablutions with me 
\isosteph- honestly it’s just insulting to spend an hour sticking plastic on my eyes and painting my entire body getting ready… 
\isosteph- put on fake eyelashes for the first time i. can’t see?? abgs are true heroes 
\isosteph- stumbling out of the club at 4am hammered beyond belief and the first thing u see is a giant billboard for like, redis 
\isosteph- aws is in vegas this week so there are software ads on top of all the usual flashing boobs and shit. dissociative q… 
\isosteph- me? just an externality.....my feelings? feelings don’t matter. in a few more iterations, as societal loss approach… 
\isosteph- being sane with u people is too much work i’m engineerpilling myself . 
\isosteph- ppl be like “just leave the bay area” i’m from here u dipshits this is home. why don’t U leave 
\isosteph- please......is anyone out there................i just want to speak to a human being. a regular person. just one 
\isosteph- engineer brain is a disease 
\isosteph- love 2 drink 4 glasses of wine and log on to talk abt srs issues on twitter dot com 
\isosteph- language is an imperfect system of descriptors laws are imperfect systems of enforcement for whatever reason ppl wh… 
\isosteph- tech ppl looove to be like “everything is a system u just gotta solve the objective function” and apply this dumb t… 
\isosteph- i remember names way more than faces so if i don't already know u i could pass by u in person like 10 times a day a… 
\isosteph- wish u could mute ppl on slack. don't need to block if u need to talk to me that's ok but i just want an escape fro… 
\isosteph- i understand that it's possible to look white while being mixed race and ex. having family who look obviously not w… 
\isosteph- by far the highlight of the away article is that the company's head of people, who as far as i can tell from google… 
\isosteph- i have not met a single tech man in this city whose dialogue is better than gpt-2 
\isosteph- seeding the folds of my disintegrating brain with a conspiracy theory that all the cookie cutter tech men in san fr… 
\isosteph- my life on this website is just an endless hell of identical tech men flooding my mentions with identical garbage t… 
\isosteph- oh my god why don’t you people know how to shut the fuck up 
\isosteph- real ask does anyone have any good “moving to sf” essays that are Not by tech guys ecstatic at finding more tech gu… 
\isosteph- trending in socal for a 3.2?? grow the fuck up lmao 
\isosteph- my ideal AR use case is digital highlighting for physical books but i don't think they'll solve this in a non migra… 
\isosteph- once you annotate a book you can never just read through it again without seeing all the places you were like THIS… 
\isosteph- drives me crazy that none of the popular e-reading apps have an option to toggle on/off your highlights and annotations 
\isosteph- on the flip side i love all my mutuals, u are all cooler than me and i am v thankful for those of u that have ever… 
\isosteph- why do i have the worst reply guys on twitter dot com 
\isosteph- when i was a kid i was like i wanna advance the frontiers of human knowledge now i just wanna take a fuckin nap 
\isosteph- distributed systems were a mistake 
\isosteph- learning to accept the powerlessness of man, the limits of human knowledge, the inevitability of fate etc by watchi… 
\isosteph- kinda fucked up that i am sitting at a computer rn digging through splunk error logs when i could be in like, zion… 
\isosteph- i am addicted to watching groups of people on this site who are ostensibly "the same" (vcs, reporters, internet com… 
\isosteph- extremely do not like the muni “i like the way you move” / “we want to hold your hand” ads 
\isosteph- absolutely zero sympathy for any of these people bc the 30 under 30 is a self nomination process anyways extremely… 
\isosteph- i founded a company what does it do? poo poo pee pee 
\isosteph- if your names are "drew d'agostino" and "greg skloot" you can't just say you were fired for "miscommunication" i wi… 
\isosteph- take a shot for every mention of "machine learning" or "artificial intelligence" if u wanna fuckin die 
\isosteph- there's a category for "immigrants" which is a dumb cover for "we had to have one page that wasn't mostly white peo… 
\isosteph- extremely brutal when the joke "uber for x" description of ur company is the best they can come up with in national… 
\isosteph- cracking up @ these groups of dudes simply labeled "coder" and half the word "sociopath" 
\isosteph- the 30 under 30 is so fucking funny i can't believe i haven't been keeping up with this every year 
\isosteph- sry for the spike in recent posts abt tech men i will now begin a short dopamine fast where i stop pandering for ha… 
\isosteph- constantly falling into the trap of naming the first important looking pandas dataframe in a notebook "df" and then… 
\isosteph- pay no attention to me babe...........just put cumtown back on and think a little harder about where to put the typ… 
\isosteph- every once in a while one of my tweets skirts the edge of deep irony twitter and some guy will talk shit abt the la… 
\isosteph- looking forward to reading 500 functionally correct but inanely repetitive tweets pointing out how kamala withdrew… 
\isosteph- beta males might not recognize this strategy and that’s the point. i am waiting for a true free thinker to dance wi… 
\isosteph- just to be clear when i post aggressive screeds against sf tech men it is in fact a sort of mating call, and i am s… 
\isosteph- thinking abt what i have to do to become the kind of sf mom who sends her kids to $30k tuition alternative holistic… 
\isosteph- adding to my shit list all the men replying to this who clearly do not understand the kind of low cut socks i am talking abt 
\isosteph- i kinda hate socks and never wear them except inside shoes so i've severely neglected this part of my life and all… 
\isosteph- uhh dumb question where do ppl buy socks these days. like really generic low cut socks that are comfy and won't sli… 
\isosteph- fun thing to do on the weekend is sleep in until noon so sunday night you can’t fall asleep until maybe 3am, settin… 
\isosteph- however if this Does happen and any of my future white tech guy overlords is looking for a pretty &amp; docile asian co… 
\isosteph- my vision of hell? living in a hyperoptimized megacity version of sf designed by a bunch of white tech guys who went to tokyo once 
\isosteph- sick future bro sign me up 
\isosteph- “tokyo” “open to everyone” man shut up 
\isosteph- love looking at my meme graveyard 
\isosteph- don’t care abt baby yoda 
\isosteph- if ur non asian and u try to make some kinda commentary in my mentions abt “fobby” names or whatever i’m just gonna… 
\isosteph- how is this happening again like 1 week later........as we approach 2020 the cycles of time begin to collapse 
\isosteph- woke up from a dream i was in lapland never been to lapland but in the dream it was v majestic 
\isosteph- lotta people with mediocre suggestions in here.....if u don’t know at least 100 chinese 2nd gens ur opinion on this matter is irrelevant 
\isosteph- boys is harder bc male names are more generic in general but andrew, kevin, david, michael, brian, albert are class… 
\isosteph- stephanie, emily, michelle, jenny, katie, rachel, anna/annie, amy, vivian, jessica, angela, and some variant of chr… 
\isosteph- texting mom to ask where did she put my beanie babies swear 2 god if she gave them away 
\isosteph- just remembered all my old beanie babies as a kid inky i loved u so much.......gonna cry 
\isosteph- eatin homemade focaccia for dinner exactly as i imagine village women did in the olden days 
\isosteph- there are only like 12 total approved english names for chinese diaspora girls if another asian stephanie appears o… 
\isosteph- if you’re an asian girl on twitter and you haven’t set your display name to just your first name and begun mining a… 
\isosteph- feel like as a kid my conception of “animal” in the abstract was at least mountain lion scale and now it’s like a medium size dog 
\isosteph- like i know extinction of insects and stuff is equally impactful but i’m looking at a picture of a tiger rn and hon… 
\isosteph- completely insane that bigass animals like tigers and whales and shit used to exist all over the place and we just killed them all 
\isosteph- when i was 15 i just wanted to finish my homework and go to sleep 
\isosteph- the kids are on some different shit im so exhausted just reading this 
\isosteph- any reply guys wanna buy me a kitchenaid 
\isosteph- honing my tradwife skills kneading dough with a wooden spoon and my own two hands 
\isosteph- when i swam in high school sometimes they’d put me on the 200 free which is 8 laps but swimmers think in out-and-ba… 
\isosteph- love being the kind of person who likes to bake but freezes up unable to remember if i put in 4 or 5 cups of flour 
\isosteph- if option 1 he’s been pretty unsuccessful for an all powerful being so we’re gonna have to go with option 2 
\isosteph- trying to decide if god gave me small tits to drive me to do great things or to cut me down because i’d otherwise be too powerful 
\isosteph- anyways 2020 new year new workshop entirely or whatever it is they say 
\isosteph- however if i had to keep this metaphor going there were some good sneaky surprises in the stabby garbage like idk i… 
\isosteph- lived some extreme highs &amp; lows this year looking for a metaphor i wouldn’t call it a roller coaster so much as lik… 
\isosteph- list is highly selective in take quality but historical standouts include “how can we optimize functional specializ… 
\isosteph- slowly curating a list of tech guys with absolute galaxy brain thought leadership 
\isosteph- popping birth control pill thinking abt “fecundate the female” 
\isosteph- sliding slowly &amp; invisibly into boomerdom with zero recognition of ever having been different at all: the gen x story 
\isosteph- find it hilarious that an increasing number of ppl getting called “boomer” are actually gen x 
\isosteph- parents don’t understand why anyone would watch pangzai but they are very into liziqi 
\isosteph- personally i experience his dark materials-style daemon separation pain when my phone is more than 10 ft away from me ever 
\isosteph- sitting in the kitchen can hear my parents in other parts of the house but both their phones are just sitting here. wild 
\isosteph- the inverse of this applies in the summer if your AC is below 70 you’re just as crazy and the correct setting to be… 
\isosteph- ppl who set their thermostats to 70 or above in the winter are insane. 70 is t-shirt weather the correct setting to… 
\isosteph- by traveling the world i don’t mean “went on 3 vacations this year” i mean being in ibiza, hong kong, the bahamas,… 
\isosteph- endlessly fascinated by a certain slice of unimaginably rich girls from school who as far as i can tell have no job… 
\isosteph- turning the shower up hotter and hotter in search of absolution 
\isosteph- excited to go home and ignore my brother and his wholesome gf while i start reading through the 148 open articles on my phone 
\isosteph- twitter is an imperfect medium and it’s totally possible to own up to miscommunication without getting into the stu… 
\isosteph- it’s ok to interview at or even work for companies you disagree with depending on your personal beliefs and situati… 
\isosteph- naked on a lil edible at the korean spa 
\isosteph- every kid logging on for the first time should be required to read 100 pages of askreddit posts so they know off th… 
\isosteph- spent too much time on askreddit during my formative years and now i know every stereotype of every profession and… 
\isosteph- literally right on cue 
\isosteph- the dad on flight meme is just so bad u all are rly dropping the ball end of year here 
\isosteph- strong urge to be driving thru the middle of the nevada desert rn 
\isosteph- therapist told me the other day “what if you bought a car? i think you should get a car” at this point i am just paying to be indulged 
\isosteph- this is my dream no body no mind just posts 
\isosteph- it took me like a year to post my first 1000 tweets and maybe 4 months to post the next 1000 at this rate a few wee… 
\isosteph- lying in my queen bed with two laptops and a pile of clothes in the spot where the other person is supposed to go 
\isosteph- real q why does sentry look like slack has this ever been explained. why was this necessary 
\isosteph- have completely lost touch with what any "issues" are if have to listen to these people for another full year it mi… 
\isosteph- if the next debate is just tulsi and delaney doing squat jumps for 90 minutes tbh i might be inspired 
\isosteph- sometimes i feel bad for pg he really thinks ppl read his blog bc the writing's good and not bc they are just hungr… 
\isosteph- tech guys love to be like "i got good at writing by just writing more! look see i wrote 100 blogs and now i have an… 
\isosteph- cloudy outside for the first time this fall time to retreat into bed put on a candle listen to some music by a sad… 
\isosteph- nobody talk to me just hit the fav and move on 
\isosteph- this is the ideal ratio 
\isosteph- he’s on the phone (cannot convey how unimaginably nasal his voice is) telling a friend he’s on the way to a bar for… 
\isosteph- this guy with the most nasally voiced some northeastern accent just got into my uber pool and the seat was too far… 
\isosteph- me? ive been tweeting through it all year 
\isosteph- amending this take to acknowledge it's unfair for me to criticize slack's UI for messaging &amp; organization, as those… 
\isosteph- very proud of slack for making the jump from "our UI is confusing because we're new &amp; trying things out" straight t… 
\isosteph- cannot believe a bunch of adult canadians in the year 2012, given 4 perfectly normal team name options, saw some re… 
\isosteph- trying my hardest to imagine a sportscaster announcing in full seriousness a game between the "hamilton tiger-cats"… 
\isosteph- was just alerted to the existence of the "canadian football league" and i'm sorry none of these are real team names 
\isosteph- “cunt” is such an exquisitely awful sound to me i feel like it must be so sad when all the swears are just words an… 
\isosteph- sometimes i think it’d be cool to be british or australian or whatever but i kinda like being from a place where th… 
\isosteph- life is so long. scary 
\isosteph- love to lie in bed feeling existential after reading books abt cycles &amp; generations &amp; circular time 
\isosteph- love when i’m staring at my own tweet and the like count goes up by one and then immediately back down by one. put that back bitch i saw u 
\isosteph- northern california.......i love u sm 
\isosteph- blessed day 
\isosteph- nothing disgusts me more than when someone over the age of 14 uses the :P emoji 
\isosteph- literally anyone: here are two adjectives and an oddly specific noun 28yo software engineer named josh (hasn’t rea… 
\isosteph- literally anyone: here are two adjectives and an oddly specific noun 28yo software engineer named josh (hasn’t rea… 
\isosteph- men in tech love to read a single tweet with a slightly above average level of descriptive detail and be like “wow… 
\isosteph- i love reading translations from romance languages such a good soothing cadence 
\isosteph- imagining being the courier and going to 7/11 to pick up 3 pints of ice cream that u just know some dumb fucks orde… 
\isosteph- discovered several uber eats “restaurants” last night that literally just sell grocery store ice cream &amp; snacks for… 
\isosteph- thinking abt scootering to my hookup’s place 
\isosteph- just discovered one of my favorite surprises is opening the instagram of a male friend who usually presents with ze… 
\isosteph- bringing home from the nursery my large adult son 
\isosteph- friendship ended with THE SUN. now SEASONAL DEPRESSION is my friend now 
\isosteph- 50s and rainy next week.........sf we had a good run 
\isosteph- changing my linkedin title to “asian egirl”. accepting endorsements 
\isosteph- searched “asian egirls” trying to find someone’s old tweet and found some screenshots of me instead that’s cool guess that’s what i am now 
\isosteph- this is the way the world ends / not with a bang but with some dumb fuck giggling “haha no YOU”, his fingers in his ears 
\isosteph- father who art in heaven please forgive me for my sins i fell into the trap of the serpent, the asshole reply guy,… 
\isosteph- top tier breakfast food i miss her 
\isosteph- imagining inhaling a mix of relaxing scents specifically crafted for me (based on collected data including what i h… 
\isosteph- thinking abt doing some self care this weekend (downloading an app that listens to my breathing and recommends a cu… 
\isosteph- dudes commenting &amp; dming like “this is sad” need to understand that i don’t want this girl’s hot bf i want her perfect empty brain 
\isosteph- this hot girl from my college dorm moved back home and is now dating an equally hot guy and she’ll post a picture o… 
\isosteph- they’re sexy because i don’t understand any of it 
\isosteph- love when boys say sexy things in my ear (words like “interchange”, “sepa direct debit”, “network cost-plus pricing… 
\isosteph- imagining going to work on an ordinary day in your tech office but then at random intervals out of the corner of yo… 
\isosteph- just remembered i always mixed up quartz and topaz on the mohs scale because 7 and topaz are both golden yellow by… 
\isosteph- can't even imagine how much this might occupy the headspace of someone who works in fashion or design 
\isosteph- if you make me code in a different color scheme than the one i've used for 6 years it'll take me at least twice as long 
\isosteph- math is red and history is blue and science is green because for years as a kid i had to make binder labels and pro… 
\isosteph- in my head even numbers are cool colors &amp; odd numbers are warm colors and it could be extremely weak synesthesia or… 
\isosteph- thinking abt all the completely arbitrary color-concept associations we form &amp; don't even really realize just based… 
\isosteph- code is broken. wanna take a nap 
\isosteph- i suppose avoiding this was the point of like, apple pay but in a good world the bank would do it for you 
\isosteph- dumb that when the bank changes your credit card number it’s you who has to go through and manually change every sa… 
\isosteph- a modern take on the jack off/pass out combo for those of us who like to engage our minds 
\isosteph- very normal evening activity to lie in bed and open up some shitty memories and keep going deeper and deeper until… 
\isosteph- younger brother is bringing his wholesome &amp; sweet gf of 6 months to thanksgiving meanwhile my slightly older hookup… 
\isosteph- having a visceral reaction to seeing andrew yang’s asian face on the national stage and that reaction is deep shame that he looks like me 
\isosteph- cannot believe i woke up from a nap refreshed &amp; pure &amp; beautiful to have to listen to cory booker pop up every 30 s… 
\isosteph- really fucked up that this country is run by a guy who mixes lowercase e’s and i’s into his capital letters 
\isosteph- i want to play pokémon but instead i am coding. would a just god allow this to happen i think not 
\isosteph- not ur usual VC Hype™ testimonial but u know 
\isosteph- small aside tech is mostly garbage but i unironically like the people i work with and generally quite enjoy going t… 
\isosteph- lambda school for how to talk to other people: upon graduating if you manage to make one (1) female friend you pay… 
\isosteph- software engineers learn about human-computer interaction but never about human-HUMAN interaction..... 😭🙏😤 1 retwee… 
\isosteph- humming a ditty to myself as i slow dance around my room gently unwinding a charmin forever roll of toilet paper across my body 
\isosteph- cannot believe i, a dumb bitch baby, have to be the one out here in the year 2019 explaining to people how to use their brains 
\isosteph- i tweet publicly because so far it’s been mostly fun and i’ve gotten to meet some rly cool people! but if you idiot… 
\isosteph- this btw is the correct way to cold approach someone you’ve seen on twitter because it gives them a chance to open… 
\isosteph- if you follow me &amp; i don’t follow you then by definition there is huge information asymmetry and if you approach me… 
\isosteph- lmfao lemme explain some basic social norms to you dipshits. i am not an “influencer” i make no money off this, i d… 
\isosteph- setting this as slack autoresponder for every time i get @‘d 
\isosteph- me when i get asked for code review and i’m not feelin it today 
\isosteph- coding today to 6 hour loop of kids by mgmt 
\isosteph- twitter is ruining my life every week i open a bunch of articles off my tl to read later and only ever actually get… 
\isosteph- all of these things literally are describing the same thing i swear to god 
\isosteph- if i were a big data system, i would simply process the data and move it where it's supposed to go 
\isosteph- why the fuck are there so many big data systems how are they all not just the same thing 
\isosteph- gets me every time that the french president gets to live in a palace literally called elysium while americans were… 
\isosteph- who knew the secret to fixing trust &amp; vulnerability issues was just a healthy dose of narcissism.........true genius 
\isosteph- not sure what i did to make this happen but lately my therapist has started basically telling me my life is hard be… 
\isosteph- thinking abt that guy who rode a scooter out of sf across the golden gate through marin headlands until the battery finally died 
\isosteph- for reference, here is an example of one of the worst imaginable ways to execute pattern 3 
\isosteph- there's a rare 3rd pattern where someone you don't already follow dms you on twitter and turns out they're cool and… 
\isosteph- there's only 2 fully valid patterns of interaction between twitter and offline it's either a) you happen to meet th… 
\isosteph- just because you read my tweets doesn’t mean that you can just bypass normal patterns of social interaction. if you… 
\isosteph- if i don’t know u please don’t come up to me irl like “are u twitter user isosteph” or get ur friend that happens t… 
\isosteph- this is a no simp zone 
\isosteph- if u reply to any “seeking bf” type tweet with unfunny and annoying shit like “haha what if...i was that bf” i’m just gonna block u lmao 
\isosteph- “aren’t birthdays basically evenly distributed” you ask. well tell me why the fuck everyone around me is a virgo 
\isosteph- it’s telling that none of the dudes expounding the idea of “many kinds of diversity” have addressed one of the most… 
\isosteph- this experience is i think the exact shape of the fulfillment hole in my life right now 
\isosteph- seeking bf for 2 week commitment where we road trip around some national parks and hike a lot and have sex in a ten… 
\isosteph- on twitter “neopets” is a signal word for “how i learned to code as a girl” and honestly this is erasure of those o… 
\isosteph- brutal accuracy 
\isosteph- a pulitzer winning journalist has been walking for the last 6 years tracing the human migration path out of eastern… 
\isosteph- love when my dreams bleed into reality 
\isosteph- i am a little bit scared of everyone who has been on twitter longer than me (which is almost everyone) i am terrifi… 
\isosteph- i feel like if i were a graphics/sfx person all i’d want to do would be to make hbo show intro sequences 
\isosteph- this november is the nicest weather i have ever experienced in my life 
\isosteph- had a blue skies brunch in the outer sunset sunny drive along ocean beach idyllic kinda morning 
\isosteph- trend was already dumb but admin hopping on 5 years late is next level 
\isosteph- thinking abt when war broke out in syria and a bunch of kids at school were like “what if we had a hackathon to hel… 
\isosteph- i give it like 6 months before he gets pulled into an argument with some idiot reply guy and gets summarily cancelled 
\isosteph- love but mostly hate to watch this guy’s pure soul slowly corrupting under the burdens of sudden internet fame 
\isosteph- strong billing for emilia clarke 
\isosteph- googling "what is dreamforce" 
\isosteph- barack obama is speaking at dreamforce lmao can u not 
\isosteph- ur only allowed to write code between 10am-12pm and 10pm-2am. all meetings are after lunch and 3-5pm is reserved for a fat nap 
\isosteph- startup but everyone has to follow my fucked up sleep schedule 
\isosteph- full fbi mode engaged.who the fuck are u people 
\isosteph- every once in a while i find someone online who seems to be immediately adjacent to my social circles and yet is??… 
\isosteph- actually sometimes there are both!! in what the experts are calling "utter bull shit" 
\isosteph- curling up into a ball and throwing a huge fit and refusing to touch my computer for the rest of the day after disc… 
\isosteph- woke up today from a dream where we’d moved into a house with a big yard with a bunch of citrus and pomegranate trees :) 
\isosteph- every morning my alarm announces the day with a gentle crescendo and tells me i have gotten 8 hours of 100% quality… 
\isosteph- 8 hours of sleep is simply not enough for me, an enormous baby 
\isosteph- lyft is way more expensive than uber now in sf why is that can't decide if it's demand pressure from tech cos part… 
\isosteph- (white guy engineer voice) Haha yes, i care about diversity, it’s important to have females on the team, and also more blacks, and the gays 
\isosteph- unrelatedly it appears that twitter ios calculates follower counts over 10k with floor but twitter web app calculat… 
\isosteph- this works at literally any tech company it’s like a magic spell to summon dipshits. u can literally send this to p… 
\isosteph- literally anyone: we could be better at diversity some white guy: ok but, have you seen this wiki page where it sa… 
\isosteph- one day i hope to save up enough money to go see the great spectacle in person, in a faraway land called “brooklyn” 
\isosteph- twitter? yes that is where i go for 4 hours a day to watch members of the new york media scene fight each other to the death 
\isosteph- would my life feel fuller if i simply bought some bigger plants 
\isosteph- last 3 hours in my brain 
\isosteph- lotta dudes who r usually like “as an Intellectual,all perspectives are valid” out here believing in the perfect un… 
\isosteph- me? yeah i believe in the meritocrahahahapfhwhaha 
\isosteph- there’s been a lot of Hype going around about our company culture but not enough has been said about our commitment… 
\isosteph- if u net delete at least 1000 lines of code u get a virtual participant sticker. at least 10000 lines and u get a r… 
\isosteph- please join me in my new tech awareness initiative, no code november 
\isosteph- say what u want about california but it is just simply.the best place 
\isosteph- thinking abt this one time when this german guy hitting on my friend in the club told her she had a face like a cat… 
\isosteph- truly sorry to burn this bridge tho.......guys &amp; dudes if ur listening i Am in the market for an evopsych libertari… 
\isosteph- i am just FULL of paradoxes aren’t i :))) it’s called complexity baby look it up!! 
\isosteph- the "assign to me" button is the only good jira feature literally nothing else works 
\isosteph- one of the dumbest things u can do as a tech company is name ur super secret questionably ethical data harvesting p… 
\isosteph- there’s some output frequency threshold at which logs stop being useful but then shortly after there’s another thre… 
\isosteph- very relaxing to watch log output stream up my terminal screen 
\isosteph- living in san francisco as a single girl in 2019......honor this ultimate sacrifice 
\isosteph- can’t believe i have to work on singles day is there no respect left for our wounded warriors 
\isosteph- the bodybuilding dot com forums are the last pure place on the internet 
\isosteph- i am by instinct pro privacy &amp; individual freedoms and i obviously have no solution to this tradeoff my only take i… 
\isosteph- computers give us effectively infinite memory and instant &amp; effortless distribution of media with infinite copiabil… 
\isosteph- privacy vs safety is a complicated issue but it’s insanely reductive to make comparisons between things like facebo… 
\isosteph- i love having no thoughts 
\isosteph- depressive moods basically gone ever since good dick appeared in my life.......hate what a simple mind i have 
\isosteph- in the shower is when i’m closest to god 
\isosteph- just sent some emails i’d been putting off for literally weeks life has never been better 
\isosteph- On my way! to the library 
\isosteph- everything about this being popular in sf suddenly makes sense to me this is the perfect weekend activity if you rl… 
\isosteph- kinda liked it tho.............. 
\isosteph- got bamboozled into going to barry’s bootcamp. emerging shaking &amp; traumatized 
\isosteph- body loose brain alive literally just vibing rn 
\isosteph- decongested head buzzing techno on ready to pound out like 8 million lines of unusable code 
\isosteph- sudafed is my favorite recreational drug 
\isosteph- when slack autocorrects ~text like this~ to strikethrough that's censorship. that's my voice being silenced by Big Tech 
\isosteph- python: explicit is better than implicit ✨ simple is better than complex 🌱 this is the zen of python 😌 scala: haha… 
\isosteph- finance ppl are always so pumped walking into meetings 
\isosteph- voice cracking in anguish as i tell my therapist how i have a hold on a library book someone’s checked out due nove… 
\isosteph- fascinated by the genre of twitter user whose replies are pretty good but whose tweets are mostly trash 
\isosteph- muting all tweets about "people", "ppl", et cetera 
\isosteph- quality of discourse on twitter is somehow worse than usual this week 
\isosteph- huge balls to say this with total lack of irony 
\isosteph- big props to airbnb's pr team for somehow managing to spin every story about the new review policies as "this is a… 
\isosteph- every morning i meditate on this deck for 28 minutes to achieve a state of higher consciousness with which to start my day 
\isosteph- good time to bring back the softbank 30 year plan deck, the original galaxy brain 
\isosteph- re: twitter refresh bug actually pretty nice to have a reminder 8 minutes or so into scrolling that i should get of… 
\isosteph- felt strong urge to eat dinner the instant it got dark 
\isosteph- reality show where a bunch of software engineers are shown a series of tweets and have to choose whether to reply a… 
\isosteph- do you all understand how deeply &amp; viscerally i hate when unfunny dudes try to riff on my non joke tweets 
\isosteph- experiencing higher than normal hourly rate of intrusive thoughts today 
\isosteph- thinking big....diving deep.... fucking with frugality &amp; a bias for action 
\isosteph- applying amazon’s 14 leadership principles to my sex life 
\isosteph- new york is d2c ads and san francisco is b2b ads 
\isosteph- 
\isosteph- i like to spice up my work life by pronouncing “bazel” a different way every day 
\isosteph- this is a niche tweet 
\isosteph- nobody: bloomberg employees: 
\isosteph- personally i applaud zuck for bucking the recent trend of aggressively friendly logo redesigns (see google, uber) a… 
\isosteph- once i was getting a massage and the massage therapist was like “wow you have literally no tension in your muscles… 
\isosteph- been in a rly good mood past few days but just woke up not once but twice from anxiety dreams lmao when i’m asleep that’s the real me 
\isosteph- it’s really fucked up when a grad student is hot 
\isosteph- in other news it’s 8pm and i fully thought for the last hour or so that it was 10 or 11 and now i don’t know what t… 
\isosteph- “husband/father in the bio” type guys are always the horniest and in the saddest way too lmao go fuck urself 
\isosteph- how’s ur wife doing my dude 
\isosteph- living on top of an enormous hill is ruining me i swear to god if my ass doesn’t look incredible a year from now i’m moving to iowa 
\isosteph- political stances aside my biggest red flag around andrew yang is his use of the 😀 emoji. 100% psychopath move 
\isosteph- light bondage but with the 10 different charging cables i need to maintain for my 3 apple products 
\isosteph- lying in bed in patch of afternoon sun getting as close to ideal state of existence (being a cat) as possible 
\isosteph- i am nothing if not an executor 
\isosteph- craving large bowl of spicy beef noodles 
\isosteph- love to wake up and figure out which of the things i said last night were good and which of the things i said last night were not good 
\isosteph- love to drink alcohol and then just start saying things 
\isosteph- frank have u considered such fun &amp; funky options such as sepa direct debit or alipay? all supported of course by st… 
\isosteph- listening to frank ocean say "they banned my visa my amex and mastercards" wondering has he considered any alternat… 
\isosteph- i was saying at lunch i wanted to do a piece on how galaxy brain is the great meme of our time but daily dot's 2017… 
\isosteph- has any other recent meme made it into common vernacular the way "galaxy brain" has just become (accurately) the go… 
\isosteph- just remembered elizabeth holmes is the heiress to the fleischmann yeast empire 
\isosteph- sometime in the next few years some brand is gonna make uneven kerning an unstoppably trendy design phenomenon 
\isosteph- if ur new here...... if u try to be funny and post a dumb reply about how bad ur replies are i Will block u 
\isosteph- any tweet i post that accidentally prompts a bunch of tech guys to share their takes in the replies i consider bad &amp; regrettable 
\isosteph- should be a tech company rule that multiple guys with the same name aren’t allowed to be on the same team 
\isosteph- always gets me when it’s chilly in the morning and my headphones wires are kinda stiff like it’s fucked up that phy… 
\isosteph- support ur women in stem 
\isosteph- feminism is letting me take the day off coding bc my fingers are tired from jacking off 
\isosteph- designing for users? well did u know if u rearrange USERS u get SUERS (ppl who can sue u) ..... rly makes u think 
\isosteph- blowing off my 26yo hookup when he wants to hang out by texting him "ok boomer" 
\isosteph- totally disregarding all the advice my therapist gives me with a quick "ok boomer" 
\isosteph- ignore-resolving all comments on my broken PRs with "ok boomer" 
\isosteph- "ok boomer" is such a powerful phrase 
\isosteph- huge team player over here!!! 
\isosteph- insides itching as i force myself to use double quoted python strings in a pr for the sake of consistency with someone else’s code 
\isosteph- redpilling myself but only if it comes in chewable gummy form 
\isosteph- thinking abt the trail near my house growing up that i used to do all the time called the pg&amp;e trail because it ran… 
\isosteph- bringing in my late night tweet drafts as notes for my therapist 
\isosteph- dreaming of a relationship where sometimes i go to your place and lie on your gray sheets looking at your nonfictio… 
\isosteph- optional accessories (choose 2): ergonomic desk chair, guitar, gaming monitor, stack of nonfiction books, slightly deflated sports ball 
\isosteph- guys love to be like “wanna come see my place” as if u don’t already know what it looks like (gray sheets, gray com… 
\isosteph- i think about this constantly 
\isosteph- for optimal results please only speak to me in a monotone about something impersonal and unserious like celebrity g… 
\isosteph- i love being the specific kind of sensitive baby where if you’re mean to me i’ll cry and if you’re nice to me i’ll also cry 
\isosteph- saw a tweet the other day that sorta drew a distinction between “meaningful” and “formative” when it comes to life… 
\isosteph- attending college homecoming reunion tailgate for the sole purpose of accumulating enough soul itchingly uncomforta… 
\isosteph- personally i think it’s very beautiful the way i tenderly coax my brain and body out of a hangover in order to be a… 
\isosteph- interview loops are just sorority bump groups 
\isosteph- completely inexplicable why u all are here 
\isosteph- 6 months ago this number was like maybe 500,, this website’s bot problem is completely out of control 
\isosteph- thinking abt this summer when thru some improbable circumstances i accidentally wired my brain to associate the sme… 
\isosteph- actually no i stand by every horny tweet those were all posted with the utmost integrity 
\isosteph- trying to think of which tweets i’ll regret most in 10 years or 5 or even 1. answer is probably all of them 
\isosteph- i have done basically nothing to intrude on anyone on this website besides tweeting my own stupid brain incessantly… 
\isosteph- the funny thing is,, u don’t have to see my tweets..... or talk shit abt me in public 
\isosteph- love to watch weighty &amp; complex economic idea of “capitalism” trend just as rapidly to total semantic meaninglessne… 
\isosteph- 26yo software engineer making $250k with no real responsibility at venture backed company sitting in work sponsored… 
\isosteph- sorry i used to have a personality but ever since i got Gainfully Employed i only have recycled takes on white coll… 
\isosteph- if u reply yes to a meeting and then just don't go........that's a blood oath ur breaking my dude 
\isosteph- people who don't use their calendars are one thing but people who use their calendars and then just ignore them are… 
\isosteph- calming 
\isosteph- social awareness in the modern age involves being aware of when you’re in the ingroup and when you’re not and actin… 
\isosteph- miss when white ppl didn’t know asian languages and just got bad tattoos we could make fun of now they come up to u… 
\isosteph- an ass injection produces an ass sum type 
\isosteph- wednesday 5pm running data backfill jobs thinking a backfill is semantically the same thing as an ass injection 
\isosteph- my legacy,, 
\isosteph- just tripped &amp; faceplanted holding 2 trays of boba going up the central atrium stairs at work &amp; spilled shit everyw… 
\isosteph- trademarking "united stuff h0ldings WRLD" (sic) for my stealth data warehousing startup. hiring 10x ninja rockstars only 
\isosteph- my personal bullshit prediction is "gen z memed-out spin on fortune 500-esque corporate revival" 
\isosteph- feel like the current trend of "short word that has nothing to do with your actual product" (or the "random noun +… 
\isosteph- what are people gonna name their startups once we run out of words in the dictionary 
\isosteph- has always bothered me very deeply that it's impossible to know all things. seriously fucked up 
\isosteph- too many books to read 
\isosteph- the internet ruined the joy of human curiosity before online if u wanted to know how it felt to suck ur own dick u… 
\isosteph- (newly literate software engineer voice) recently i’ve stumbled upon a process of putting ideas into words, and wor… 
\isosteph- the most insufferable people on the planet are tech dudes discovering writing for the first time 
\isosteph- laser hair removal but for my whole eyebrows 
\isosteph- ppl that open spotify on their monitors at work instead of their laptop screens are so bold 
\isosteph- need to go live in a catholic country where every holiday first involves going to church for 6 hours or some shit 
\isosteph- american holidays are all about performatively intensely hanging out with family, which sucks if you don't love han… 
\isosteph- there is literally not a single american holiday that doesn't stress me out 
\isosteph- need my brain to maybe, one of these days, shut the fuck up 
\isosteph- on one of those munis where there are only horizontal benches and they’re too high up so nobody’s feet touch the gr… 
\isosteph- can u fuckin not 
\isosteph- it would be nice if i were into running and could Just Do It Whenever but unfortunately i can only achieve perfect… 
\isosteph- meditation but it’s a couple thousand yards in the pool instead 
\isosteph- if u have ever DMed me a nice thing and i didn’t respond it is mostly bc i’m not really sure what to say but i read… 
\isosteph- if my wife is reading this......honey your ass always looks just the way i want it 
\isosteph- outed by twitter as a working class middle aged florida guy who loves golf, fishing, and making his wife happy by b… 
\isosteph- apparently when someone says it hurts like a 9 out of 10 or that they feel like garbage instead of saying “that fuc… 
\isosteph- still thinking abt how med student friend explained to me the other day how they teach doctors to show empathy by “… 
\isosteph- fantasizing abt weekday hiking 
\isosteph- proposing new &amp; radical RFC 29304 "the wifi should fucking work" 
\isosteph- networks profs love to b like “tcp ip bgp packet switching 7 layer model” and not “here’s how to fix ur internet when ur wifi goes down” 
\isosteph- "corporate productivity tools blue" is my favorite color 
\isosteph- have gotten really good at distinguishing from 1-2 sips whether my coffee or boba tastes like oat or almond milk (g… 
\isosteph- every single airbnb in new york 
\isosteph- around 3pm every day i have an epistemological crisis rerealizing that all code is made up all tests are made up al… 
\isosteph- sometimes i get vertigo opening a big codebase 
\isosteph- exclusively listening to immaculate shimmering lab crafted swedish electropop today 
\isosteph- if it’s sunny u can’t wear long sleeves. this is my only belief 
\isosteph- code is still broken tho 
\isosteph- jacked to the tits off one half (½) cup of philz iced tea with oat milk, bose headphones bass turned all the way up… 
\isosteph- horny 4 good documentation 
\isosteph- why am i so tired at work? well i didn’t get a ton of sleep last night....pretty busy in bed haha (staring at the c… 
\isosteph- imagining developing a nervous lisp and accidentally asking a hot girl to shit on my face 
\isosteph- we live in a world built atop a teetering mass of sticks bound together with silly string 
\isosteph- honestly it's a wonder that anyone who understands code even uses technology at all 
\isosteph- my own personal version of toxic masculinity is grumbling about how anything under 4.0 is pussy shit 
\isosteph- waiting to see the earthquake number come out and nodding approvingly at the ground like 4.7 that’s good work son 
\isosteph- my earthquake reaction time is so bad when the big one hits it’ll be a solid few minutes before i realize i should probably go outside 
\isosteph- i was going to do something on my phone but i forgot what so here i am 
\isosteph- show up at the altar of judgment and god’s wearing plastic shades and a huge fro. he says “hell yeah dude” and high… 
\isosteph- shuffling off this mortal coil but it’s the lmfao shuffle and party rock anthem is blaring in the background 
\isosteph- city looks lovely in the light rn 
\isosteph- soft catharsis crying on the n judah 
\isosteph- sitting at desk staring at list of blocked jobs on terminal listening to long run big sky music thinking abt train… 
\isosteph- i just want to see the pope get ratioed 
\isosteph- personally instead of actually refactoring python functions to cover new use cases, i like to just add params with… 
\isosteph- like idk the asian girls in that one pic sitting on a fire hydrant or whatever going off. where are they now 
\isosteph- has anyone ever tried to track down the actual people in popular meme/reaction photos i think about this all the time 
\isosteph- looking for something recognizable yet not overdone. classic yet with unmistakable personal flair. something to sho… 
\isosteph- anyone have any good porn recommendations to watch on jetblue FlyFi™ free wifi 
\isosteph- (heart racing, palms sweaty, hyping myself up in the mirror to “lose yourself” by eminem) i am ready to send a DM on twitter dot com 
\isosteph- show me how u used to use the terminal in the old days babe ....... i love when the last 2 words in every line of u… 
\isosteph- u know what gets me wet? when a computer guy insists on writing everything in 80 char line width 
\isosteph- thinking abt how much cleaner english would be if we had an equivalent of the french “dont” 
\isosteph- sometimes i think abt how much time as a kid i spent absorbing stupid amounts of content off forums and blogs and w… 
\isosteph- all this dril discourse has done for me is i just found out 2 years late that he was involved in a certain weird &amp;… 
\isosteph- spent 2 days in connecticut and saw at least 5 more girls doing the Egirl Look. something going on in the northeast and i want no part of it 
\isosteph- sitting in roomful of girls drunk downloading costar pretending i don’t know what “moon in scorpio” means 
\isosteph- standing behind 2 real live egirls at a bar called “bar” 
\isosteph- day 246 of the bezos nudes still held in secrecy........when will the public get its due 
\isosteph- half an hour ago two guys in vests realized they worked at the same private equity firm and struck up a conversatio… 
\isosteph- the archetypal connecticut commuter, as seen through iphone tethers 
\isosteph- saw a rat in the subway. feel like i am scoring points on the ny visitor bingo board 
\isosteph- in line at panini shop behind a bunch of middle aged wall st dudes remembering that people over 50 exist in the workforce 
\isosteph- apparently walking fast and severe resting bitch face do a lot to cancel out my complete inability to put clothes o… 
\isosteph- probably the best compliment i’ve ever gotten was when a girl from new york was like “are you from new york” 
\isosteph- no matter what chaotic shit is happening in the world the baseline emotional current on twitter on any given day is… 
\isosteph- fantasizing about being cool &amp; stylish nyc tech girl instead of mundane &amp; beleaguered sf tech girl 
\isosteph- weather is ass 
\isosteph- i am in “The Big Apple”, as they call it, 
\isosteph- shit should be illegal 
\isosteph- doing nothing but listening to music for 5 straight hours on the plane thinking how stupid we were to let sounds ge… 
\isosteph- father why have u forsaken me 
\isosteph- 🎶i walk a lonely road, the only one that i have ever known🎶 
\isosteph- this person got mad about me saying i wouldn’t use emacs for my whole life and i don’t rly wanna get into editor ho… 
\isosteph- remembered bc of the wired piece but been meaning to ask this for a while as my tl has recently gotten a lil too de… 
\isosteph- does anyone have any accounts u love that are ppl in cool &amp; specialized fields being super excited abt their work.… 
\isosteph- like i really don’t judge individuals who jump to tech bc there is legit interesting work and also before tech all… 
\isosteph- the wired article is bad start to finish but also contains one of the most depressing sentences ever published 
\isosteph- u mfs rly think i’m tryna organize my life in emacs absolutely fucking not 
\isosteph- missing the days of 
\isosteph- discussing notekeeping methods/productivity apps and realizing all i really want is something that lets me open the… 
\isosteph- my favorite workday thrill is watching a slack message get deleted in real time 
\isosteph- i can deal with most other setups but my only hard opinion is that ppl who maintain like 5 floating browser windows… 
\isosteph- does anyone else have oddly specific preferences around window sizes for different applications like i need browser… 
\isosteph- post nut clarity hits hard 
\isosteph- 26 year olds are all fun and games and furnished roommateless apartments and actually good head until they have an… 
\isosteph- she is now shit talking all the execs in her org by name on the phone lmao 
\isosteph- airbnb employee in my lyft line: “ugh, i know, but i’ve been here 4 years and i just need this IPO to happen” 
\isosteph- admiring my own persistence in tweeting incessantly despite never having had an original thought in my life 
\isosteph- ending a question with exactly 1 question mark in a text is for psychopaths. no punctuation or anything from 2 to l… 
\isosteph- special mention goes to fbu for only offering an ios/android program and locking year after year of baby freshmen i… 
\isosteph- the longer u keep taking return offers the more ur interview skills suffer and the more daunting it looks to put ur… 
\isosteph- and if tech wasn’t always open to u and/or ur primary goal is a well paying stable job with name recognition (which… 
\isosteph- obviously this makes sense on the company’s end bc they’ve already invested in training u and return interns save t… 
\isosteph- this is all anecdotal and in the specific context of women but i know a lot of girls who did fbu or google ep as fr… 
\isosteph- super mixed feelings in general re: freshman diversity programs at big tech cos (even aside from problems w their a… 
\isosteph- whoever writes the copy for these should probably understand that while women are obviously underrepresented in tec… 
\isosteph- distinctly remember being in school and seeing pics from friends who interned via freshman diversity programs like… 
\isosteph- kinda strange to see such a sudden spike in discussion re: lack of racial diversity in “women in tech” programs bc… 
\isosteph- imagining a white guy trying to learn standard mandarin and fucking up the tones so hard he ends up with like a perfect shaanxi accent 
\isosteph- horny (for l*ve) 
\isosteph- now his laptop is just on the floor in the car i need to know is this a commute?? no bag?? i want his power 
\isosteph- this guy just got into my uber pool after jaywalking a busy 2 way street with no backpack or anything just carrying… 
\isosteph- honestly v blessed to work at a company handling money &amp; sensitive data in a competitive &amp; highly regulated space (… 
\isosteph- as someone in tech i have some sympathy for when bugs happen but jesus christ it's 2019 i am sick and Fucking tired… 
\isosteph- - slack on ios shows a persistent ghost notification that won't go away - classpass's add to calendar button adds t… 
\isosteph- today in consumer software bugs in my personal life: - imessage on work computer autofills text box w/my last sent… 
\isosteph- dag bag. a bag of dags. the dagbag 
\isosteph- 60% of my brain on any given work day is dedicated to the phrase “filling up the dagbag” 
\isosteph- also everyone on yonic energy twitter is extremely hot 
\isosteph- spending tonight doing a deep dive into divine goddess astrological holistic medicine yonic energy twitter. very soothing 
\isosteph- as the law continues to absolutely shit its pants in the face of big data i look forward to reading more and more o… 
\isosteph- thomson reuters plays a fairly large role in this story and unlike palantir has a presence at grace hopper which of… 
\isosteph- extremely good 
\isosteph- someone sent me one of my tweets and was like “is this a cry for help” bro every tweet i post is a cry for help. ev… 
\isosteph- would u accept free money and the research position of ur dreams in exchange for having to introduce urself as a “T… 
\isosteph- just found out about stanford’s “TomKat Center for Sustainable Energy”, which is a real thing and apparently Not na… 
\isosteph- my only political stance is that politicians quote dunking on other politicians on twitter dot com is dumb one hund… 
\isosteph- my own personal “rage, rage against the dying of the light” is a total refusal to admit that it’s starting to get t… 
\isosteph- i've decided this is how i'm gonna bring together my interests in systems and ux this twitter account is now dedica… 
\isosteph- close runner up is 4 times a day when i forget to put an end slash on an s3 directory and my terminal lights up wit… 
\isosteph- it would be zero work for aws and gcp to support "-r" but noooo instead i have to remember that one is "--recursive… 
\isosteph- noticing that a particularly earnest friend recently followed several fairly irony poisoned accounts......wondering… 
\isosteph- chinese grocery app also recently rolled out another option where u can put ur own cooler outside ur door and they’… 
\isosteph- given how much of its logistics and delivery vertical amazon already owns tbh it’s kinda disappointing they haven’t… 
\isosteph- this doesn’t really work at amazon scale but the chinese grocery delivery app has an option where u can leave ur bo… 
\isosteph- about to start hitchhiking my 21 degree uphill walk home 
\isosteph- my personal take on cubicles is that they don't do much for privacy/noise isolation (i'd still want headphones) but… 
\isosteph- i love the dynamics of different spatial divisions — unclear how i feel abt just 2 people in a room but e.g. our of… 
\isosteph- yeah i think this is key! a good mix of shared space, meeting rooms, and lil pods where u can work without distract… 
\isosteph- legitimate question what would ppl rather have (presuming u are a moderately social person and don't just want a Coder Cave) 
\isosteph- some open offices are better than others (e.g. fb building 21 where u can see rows and rows of desks for eternity i… 
\isosteph- unpopular opinion i.................like open offices 
\isosteph- extended meditation on late capitalism and 21st century human isolation told through the lens of my total inability… 
\isosteph- once upon a time when memory was enough we wrote and executed programs ourselves, cheering on our shitty little lap… 
\isosteph- craving "small data" 
\isosteph- fantasizing abt opening a small &amp; cozy &amp; light filled working and reading and hangout space that serves baked goods… 
\isosteph- shadowbanning myself 
\isosteph- i just Love when dudes ask me if i am a product manager 
\isosteph- im sorry 
\isosteph- who named it “yoga” and not “tensorflow” 
\isosteph- truly a generically angsty song but personally it gives me the very very specific feeling of driving thru my neighb… 
\isosteph- current mood opening chords from nights by frank ocean 
\isosteph- anyways if u wanna get Cultured, any chinese kid could tell u the difference between all like 20 of these easy 
\isosteph- the only green vegetables americans know are spinach, lettuce, kale, brussels sprouts, and broccoli. maybe asparagu… 
\isosteph- i love this article bc it takes completely at face value the v american idea that there are only like 3 to maybe 5… 
\isosteph- i Cannot code unless i have my text in the Right Fruity Colors 
\isosteph- my preferred syntax highlighting color scheme is poorly implemented and ugly for python on one editor and poorly im… 
\isosteph- this is exactly what i’m talking about lmfao if u can’t understand the difference between hearing someone’s opinion… 
\isosteph- replies are telling me it is like a kegel for men, like a muscle exercise u can do so u cum harder? in that case i am hegel supportive 
\isosteph- i get when old people are confused by new social models that the internet enabled but it makes me very sad when dud… 
\isosteph- the most annoying and also saddest thing about public-default social media sites like twitter is they've tricked a… 
\isosteph- lying in bed soaking in afternoon sun realizing i am not at all ready to be cold 
\isosteph- for some reason i am dreading the onset of fall this year much more than usual 
\isosteph- anyways hot week for diversity talk on the feed of twitter user isosteph but if u want a good stats-dense read abou… 
\isosteph- this is a truly insane number 
\isosteph- before twitter i didn’t know what a “hegel” was. now that i am on twitter i still don’t know what a hegel is but i… 
\isosteph- this shit is inspirational and the only reason to pay stupid amounts of money for the otherwise soul sucking experi… 
\isosteph- the whole value prop of boutique fitness is that doing 500 consecutive mini squats seems entirely less impossible i… 
\isosteph- nothing less inspiring than a workout class where the instructor doesn’t even do the exercises along with you 
\isosteph- it’s sunny outside and my face is soft and smooth as a baby’s ass cheek 
\isosteph- work is going rly well 
\isosteph- pretty sure this one is real tho 
\isosteph- for some reason now whenever a tweet crosses ~1k favs i wake up to at least 10 overnight dms from spam accounts, of… 
\isosteph- unfathomable energy 
\isosteph- just opened a profile on here with “7291 tweets” except only 8 of them were actually tweets and the other 7283 were replies 
\isosteph- would love to be like all my late 20s coworkers who leave at 5 to go make dinner with their girlfriends of 6 years… 
\isosteph- am i being negged by facebook stories rn 
\isosteph- somehow managed to double push like 5 of my commits interleaved with 5 of someone else’s uhhh 
\isosteph- walking into the office getting jet fuel caffeinated off one quarter (1/4) bottle of teas’ tea unsweetened smooth &amp;… 
\isosteph- phrased this poorly — don’t mean that non-w/a women are any more likely to be underqualified but that given that mo… 
\isosteph- there’s a lot more to be said on the validity of credential systems, the ways gender intersects with race and and i… 
\isosteph- there’s a lot more to be said on the validity of credential systems, the ways gender intersects with race and and i… 
\isosteph- overall the point i am making is it takes a lot of bad logic to believe that women in tech, esp credentialed white/… 
\isosteph- and at least in my experience the gender ratio in industry is categorically worse than in school, so it's not like… 
\isosteph- which just makes it extra stupid whenever some dude is like "she got hired bc gender". in sv tech, most entry level… 
\isosteph- gender is an interesting piece of diversity bc it's one of the least tied to large socioeconomic forces. race and i… 
\isosteph- in high school a boy told me i got into MIT because i was a girl. there are many reasons why i think i got in but i… 
\isosteph- the only differentiator is gender. but it's a pretty inane twist of logic to trust the perfectly generic credential… 
\isosteph- you could argue that i am underqualified precisely because i have been overresourced my whole life, and that the "b… 
\isosteph- personally i am fascinated when i myself receive "diversity hire"-type comments because in nearly all respects i am… 
\isosteph- i have to say this is overall not the strongest recruiting strategy i’ve ever seen 
\isosteph- u just know 
\isosteph- yeah so by tweeting about software work but also about sucking dick on the same public account i’m engaging in a fe… 
\isosteph- this is the only good tweet i’ve ever posted 
\isosteph- hell ya 
\isosteph- i would describe my brainspace on an average day coding as “broken roomba runs into the same wall over and over and over and over” 
\isosteph- i’m a first stall kinda girl myself 
\isosteph- i don’t know what exactly but i feel like it says a lot about someone which bathroom stall they default to picking in a public restroom 
\isosteph- machine learning model where i tell it all the dumb things i’ve done to my mind my body and my life lately and it t… 
\isosteph- - having the bike icon there at all next to number of avail bikes is pretty useless and i’d much rather have that s… 
\isosteph- - if i’m going somewhere that’s not work this is even harder bc there’s no search function - whatever makes the bik… 
\isosteph- anyways it still sucks - before i go i wanna know if my destination dock has open spots. this is nontrivial as it r… 
\isosteph- funny enough literally 20 minutes after posting this my app layout changed.....who changed my experimental group 
\isosteph- would love if the good designers at lyft hq could make the bay wheels section of the app like, at all usable 
\isosteph- the worst thing is when understanding a stackoverflow answer requires actually figuring out the shitty code snippets in the question 
\isosteph- has Anyone figured out what caviar’s “women-powered with pineapple” category is supposed to mean this question has… 
\isosteph- jesus christ it’s hot this morning 
\isosteph- me as a cam girl but instead of doing anything cute or sexy i just stare blankly at bugs in my code until u send me money 
\isosteph- like if ur even medium attractive but can successfully explain to me like......manifolds or something i’d probably… 
\isosteph- hot boys undergo like a 7x hotness multiplier if they are also better than me at math 
\isosteph- gonna start arbitrarily blocking ppl that reply to my tweets with gifs 
\isosteph- every google product has the worst settings page of all time 
\isosteph- all i’ve eaten since friday is frozen scallion pancake, instant ramen, and cheezits but drunk me did remember to pu… 
\isosteph- if i got myself really into like......kpop would it fill the vague sense of existential empty i’m feeling on this sunday afternoon 
\isosteph- reaching a point in life where the only men i’m attracted to are like 27 year olds who are cute and charming and em… 
\isosteph- life was so simple back then 
\isosteph- Today, I made some spaghetti. It turned out to be too much spaghetti. MLIA 
\isosteph- Today, I ate some cereal and saw a cute girl. She didn’t talk to me. MLIA 
\isosteph- floating in the liminal space between tipsy and asleep flashing back to the days of mylifeisaverage dot com 
\isosteph- just found out that one of my formerly most dedicated reply guys follows 4000 ppl but has unfollowed me. ur thought… 
\isosteph- personally i feel most comfortable when the only lines with my name still on them are like the header of a for loop and the whitespace after 
\isosteph- terrifying to git blame code u wrote as an intern and find line after line of deeply questionable &amp; esoteric pandas… 
\isosteph- that’s right, matt! that’s the joke! in fact every time i tweet about chinese food it’s not to connect with people… 
\isosteph- the fuck is “asian culture”.......the fuck is an “open faced dumpling” 
\isosteph- i have infinite respect for whoever was in charge of marketing indian and japanese food to white ppl and just force… 
\isosteph- miss the 4am glory days 
\isosteph- for the first time since starting i don’t have to be at work at 9 tomorrow so i’m awake at 12:30 just going absolut… 
\isosteph- thinking abt the non negligible engineering effort put into animating the second hand on the iphone clock app icon… 
\isosteph- walking home in clear air open sky with streets all soft pink &amp; yellow on the west end mmmmm makes me stupid happy 
\isosteph- september in this city is sooooo good 
\isosteph- i want to be like a manager and have meetings all day but not actually have any real responsibility.....just like,… 
\isosteph- the most stressful part of starting a new job is figuring out what all the good shitposting slack channels are 
\isosteph- someone asked me where the evo psych guys were bc they'd never seen them (??) so this is my 5 min effort at explanation 
\isosteph- tech twitter 
\isosteph- my favorite part of having mostly tech guy followers is when my tweets reach groups closely adjacent to tech guys,… 
\isosteph- developing a sense of tribal loyalty and plebeian allegiance to fellow gobikers (human powered, $15/month) and a si… 
\isosteph- to me splunking logs is the same amount of scary as actually spelunking a cave......u never know what u might find in there 
\isosteph- rly detracts from what is otherwise a pretty good cathartic experience. submitting patch request @god 
\isosteph- the dumbest part of crying is the thing where ur nose blocks up like ur already sad and now on top of that u have t… 
\isosteph- just want a selfie filter to see what i’d look like as an abg 
\isosteph- do i Look like i fuck happy bois 
\isosteph- unclear what i’m doing wrong with this twitter persona if some dude that self-identifies as a “happy boi” and wants… 
\isosteph- it’s already hard enough living in a city small enough that u might run into ur manager at the club.......pls don’t… 
\isosteph- hey!! don’t do this!! this is all the same guy!! this is weird as fuck!! 
\isosteph- see this is what i mean. twitter user isosteph brain small and smooth like a pebble! do not understand these big wo… 
\isosteph- bad: the shard is reaching capacity, we need to migrate the data good: box too small for things. need big box 
\isosteph- i love when engineers call servers “boxes” it makes it sound like we are playing around with pieces of cardboard al… 
\isosteph- mongodb......dongo be me......bongo me dee 
\isosteph- someone told me today i had an “exquisitely long stride”......little did he know but compliments on my walking spee… 
\isosteph- thinking abt covering for my inability to actually code by just learning bash to extremely deep and esoteric detail 
\isosteph- AI certified loser nerd 
\isosteph- getting ptsd flashbacks to the months of january and february just off the smell of the rain 
\isosteph- pls don’t have discussions like this in my replies tyvm &amp; gtfo!! 
\isosteph- no babe u don’t understand when other women go insane trying to be influencer hot and phd smart and heiress rich an… 
\isosteph- a lot of tech ppl come here for work, treat sf as basically some kind of finishing school for tech jobs, contribute… 
\isosteph- every time i tweet something complainy about sf i get a bunch of dudes in the replies like “ya sf is so gross i h8… 
\isosteph- practicing taking mirror selfies in that pose kneeling on the bed knees open for when work finds out i can’t code a… 
\isosteph- imagine being a chef and training for 30 years to reach the peak of ur craft and knowing all of it’s going to feedi… 
\isosteph- i love fine dining in sf and being surrounded by dudes in hoodies shoving like yuzu infused caviar into their mouth… 
\isosteph- the first thing anyone does when getting into the car is look at their phone anyways just give them a seat diagram button diagram to hit 
\isosteph- feel like if uber and lyft built a lil thing to say what seats are already occupied in a pool/line car it would be Very well received 
\isosteph- in a mood best described as “second or third to last song on a bon iver album” 
\isosteph- awful business plan as the only man i want to date on sundays is our lord and savior jesus christ 
\isosteph- who the fuck gave a dating app that only works on sundays (??) enough money to throw a party for hundreds of people… 
\isosteph- just remembered when i was a kid i thought a coin wash was where u took ur coins to get washed lmao 
\isosteph- half of me is falling back asleep and the other half wants to open my computer and buy a bunch of yubikeys 
\isosteph- and this retweet drew a lot of attention, which led to my primary email getting hacked and my bank accounts being d… 
\isosteph- in case u weren’t sure if i have brain damage from this website i just woke up in total panic from a dream where i… 
\isosteph- i’m an employed adult which means low quality tweets only now 
\isosteph- use the CLI more like use the CLIT amirite 
\isosteph- and then he had the audacity to then, in response to my extreme What reaction, literally send me a link to the goodfellow GANs paper lmfao 
\isosteph- taking deep zen breaths as some dude with zero ML knowledge or experience tries to explain to me why GANs should be… 
\isosteph- texting brett to ask what is a 401k 
\isosteph- adulthood comes at u so fast one month ago i was fucked up in berlin making out in the club with some guy named bre… 
\isosteph- the deadest time in the universe is the 2-10 seconds in between requesting and receiving a security code sms 
\isosteph- my plants sit on a shelf kinda far from the window so every morning before work i move them to my desk which gets g… 
\isosteph- evergreen advice 
\isosteph- babe it’s ok......yeah u might be a lil slow these days but u have the better keyboard shhh ily 
\isosteph- aimlessly browsing the internet on my work computer in bed feeling like i’m cheating on my own computer 
\isosteph- if ur a vc and ur not investing in these 26yo sons and the 3 pounds of peaches they bring me at a time that’s racism 
\isosteph- instacart: expensive markup, expensive delivery, shitty selection, depressing experience chinese grocery app: lite… 
\isosteph- going fucking ham on the chinese grocery delivery app 
\isosteph- the only downside.....turns out men are Horny for gainful employment 
\isosteph- thinking about starting a new scam for followers on this website where every month i announce i’m joining a different tech company 
\isosteph- glad 2 be back ✨ if we are coworkers and ur reading this i’m very sorry........swear i’m less annoying in person 
\isosteph- hello i work at @stripe now 
\isosteph- it’s kinda weird to see fairly successful writers etc still obsessing at the age of 30 over the time they were labe… 
\isosteph- what is up with like 90% of twitter loudly identifying as the “kid labeled as gifted, overpressured by parents, now… 
\isosteph- miscalculating traffic and asking my uber driver if he can “just drive around a little, like maybe just around this… 
\isosteph- standing in a 1 hour brunch wait listening to the guy next to me quote nietzsche to his girlfriend 
\isosteph- i can already see in like a year and a half when i have to move and deconstruct all 832 parts oh my god i’ve made a huge mistake 
\isosteph- staring at the parts list telling myself it’s just like knex but uhhh bigger 
\isosteph- seeking bf (2 hours) 
\isosteph- fucking shit i bought a bed and i opened the box and there are approx 832 individual components to put together i’m hyperventilating 
\isosteph- guys also love to think only they were the only ones to know a song with 89 million plays on spotify 
\isosteph- guys love to hear you play a song that they thought only they knew and instead of saying “i love that song” they sa… 
\isosteph- betting pool for when the atlantic and the new yorker are gonna put out their inevitable Online Phenomenon thinkpie… 
\isosteph- a good drive on 280 is better than therapy and almost as good as drugs 
\isosteph- i love the way it turns into the fog around daly city and emerges into the sun on the bay side 
\isosteph- i love watching the trees change from live oak to eucalyptus and cypress 
\isosteph- the stretch from the reservoir to millbrae &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
\isosteph- lying in bed not talking to people staring at the ceiling: :( driving up 280 in the left lane to some war on drugs… 
\isosteph- actually tho weird move of fbdating to go for the tinder aesthetic when their real competition is like....match dot… 
\isosteph- adding my grandpa to my facebook dating secret crush list 😳 
\isosteph- cursed nymag article aside the real thing you learn from doing cs at stanford is that literally no startup idea is… 
\isosteph- our wealthy are too busy pumping millions of dollars into another stanford dude’s AI recruiting app that he’s had t… 
\isosteph- california handicap 
\isosteph- sometimes i think abt how many characters i waste on each tweet bc i can’t stop inserting “like” into everything i say 
\isosteph- microwaved some shengjianbao from lunch for too long and they exploded everywhere 
\isosteph- and it happens to everyone and it’s a basic part of learning to interact socially with other people on the same lev… 
\isosteph- thinking that everyone shares your experience or thinks the same way you do and “trying to help” without considerin… 
\isosteph- moody asian girl crush promises you she’ll be less aggressive and vulgar online once she starts her job and stops i… 
\isosteph- imagine looking an asian girl in the eye and being like huh she probably hasn’t considered exfoliating...... cannot… 
\isosteph- replies to this tweet are a masterclass in the way pasty ass tech men think they’re qualified to answer literally a… 
\isosteph- like......tbh i’m a journalism true believer but my god 19 year olds thinking they’re the last bastions of democrac… 
\isosteph- investing way too much time in any campus news publication in college is like the fastest way i know of to full on brain worms 
\isosteph- that said “Somebody pitched me their stupid app while I was taking a shit.” is entirely accurate congrats on the good journalism on that one 
\isosteph- not to mention it’s full of wrong info ex palantir hasn’t been trendy among a single cs major that can code for shi… 
\isosteph- there are a ton of amazing and students at stanford with crazy interesting stories and hopes and dreams who don’t j… 
\isosteph- oh my god lmao this article sucks so much 
\isosteph- wonder what this one mom at my high school who used to read all her daughter’s emails is doing w her time now 
\isosteph- mine set their ring doorbell sensitivity so high at one point it used to send them notifications when leaves blew by 
\isosteph- asian parents Love the surveillance economy 
\isosteph- looking for a skincare routine to save me from the consequences of the 15 years i spent going to swim practice without sunscreen 
\isosteph- lmao because we live in the shittiest timeline there’s a 93% chance they get hacked eventually and the video of you… 
\isosteph- honestly it takes enormous balls to straight up be like “yeah we’re gonna share your rape data with our uh, rape advertising partners” 
\isosteph- imagine being brave or skinny enough to buy pants online final sale 
\isosteph- i go out every day into 2019 san francisco tech hell and suffer thru living among the most soulless clown ass men a… 
\isosteph- public service announcement 
\isosteph- 300 pages deep into kink forums trying to figure out what kind of specific humiliation fetish it is that makes guys… 
\isosteph- trying to place the very specific dynamic of a guy over the age of 30 interacting in a nonspecific context with a girl under the age of 25 
\isosteph- disappointed to learn that the hot stanford ai researcher who was also a french ysl model only got a masters not a phd 
\isosteph- lmao only zone now 
\isosteph- thinking abt when i used to be a “hahaha” or even sometimes a “looool” kinda girl.......a happier time 
\isosteph- lmfao there are actual full window ads for the bad dior sauvage campaign at the stanford shopping center 
\isosteph- if u read like any legal paper from literally any subfield of the law that might deal with data every single one de… 
\isosteph- it’s just funny that computers have been around for decades and we still haven’t figured out how to value or even d… 
\isosteph- like i do it bc it is convenient and now i have disposable income to like, not cheat authors out of sales figures e… 
\isosteph- as someone who maxed out their library card every week as a kid and then spent a lot of time in adolescence piratin… 
\isosteph- basically i figure by the time i actually have a career that could be derailed by 2 tweets about cum we’ll all just… 
\isosteph- also some dipshit just reposted my old viral tweet from months ago on subtle asian dating so god truly has forsaken me tonight 
\isosteph- i am surrounded by the most deeply, insanely, pathologically unfunny men on this entire fucking website 
\isosteph- every time a guy dms me like “haha you’re so funny 😂 do you do standup?” i spend the next 10-15 minutes staring at… 
\isosteph- this is the only good thing abt outdoors nerds every single review is like "backpacked 30 days in siberia. rained a… 
\isosteph- ppl shouldn't be allowed to review a product until they've fully tested it like shut up abt the delivery time, i do… 
\isosteph- shuddering thinking of the phrase “adventure capitalist” 
\isosteph- insomnia hours getting real productive 
\isosteph- anyways after this top 5 all time magical 12 hour period was over i had to go to jfk and post blizzard it was an ab… 
\isosteph- walked right down the middle of 5th ave bc they hadn’t cleared the roads yet, sky insanely blue, huge slopes of unt… 
\isosteph- inexplicably deep in the memory rn of one night in january 2016 drunk as shit wandering aimlessly somewhere in new… 
\isosteph- literary rule that if ur a hot blonde w perky d cups it is physically impossible to be sad for longer than a few mi… 
\isosteph- coming of age novel about two girl friends except in a revolutionary inversion, the cheerful generic popular one is… 
\isosteph- if u have the same exact eyebrows i’m sorry but u shouldn’t be allowed to date 
\isosteph- can’t stop thinking about this pic i just scrolled past of a couple with identically arched eyebrows 
\isosteph- i feel like it’s bad form to bring up ur own old tweets but i only have had a total of like, 43 distinct life exper… 
\isosteph- doing this again 
\isosteph- fuck astrology what instagram story caption font do u use 
\isosteph- 5am b2b caltrain is the only good caltrain 
\isosteph- something uniquely draining abt the weekend local caltrain experience 
\isosteph- reminiscing but not in a good way....... lmao 
\isosteph- ya we’ve all done some stupid shit for love but have u ever let a guy hit it to aphex twin’s selected ambient works 85-92 
\isosteph- in the time it takes a vc to tweet “good founders are smart. *great* founders, however, are *brilliant*”, uber burn… 
\isosteph- girls who hike or work out in leggings when it’s 90 degrees outside are psychopaths 
\isosteph- thinking abt writing a bitchy femdom bot to respond to and maybe make some $$$ off the guy who keeps messaging me a… 
\isosteph- all this thoreau discourse as if a man who voluntarily grew a full on neckbeard out like this could ever be taken s… 
\isosteph- the real last day of summer is gonna be when i have to switch from “ginger” shade concealer (spicy, vaguely ethnic,… 
\isosteph- the people i admire most on this website are the ones who can stick to a consistent bit, like “loser failson” or “h… 
\isosteph- untold millions lost in economic gains....the unshakeable social stigma of being a basic bitch....i paid an extra $… 
\isosteph- the harvard affirmative action suit is a false flag to sow discord among asians and to distract us from the real so… 
\isosteph- “wow. i have never seen anything like that at a warehouse” is gonna fuck me up for weeks 
\isosteph- oh my Fucking god 
\isosteph- wrong wires crossed in my brain and now every time i read something about palantir ceo alex karp i immediately thin… 
\isosteph- like can u imagine being hot or like.....having sex in san francisco in 2019 bc i can't lmao 
\isosteph- moving to san francisco next week and putting an end to any and all delusions of maybe continuing hot girl summer into fall 
\isosteph- “wOuLdNt u want ur kid to go to stanford too” uh not if they’re a total dumbass i hope when i’m a rich asshole i’ll… 
\isosteph- discourse abt credentialism &amp; elitism &amp; value of “elite education” etc etc aside, Literally just get rid of legacy… 
\isosteph- lots of good stuff buried under the first like 1200 words but worth reading all the way thru 
\isosteph- hate when a bunch of cool people on the time line are like “this thing rules lol” and then 8 tweets scrolling later… 
\isosteph- if melatonin fucks up ur dreams what are ur dreams normally like and how does it feel different? real question bc m… 
\isosteph- pathologically unable to send an email to literally anyone without using at least 2 em dashes 
\isosteph- just remembered when i was a kid my parents sat me down and told me “in life the most important thing isn’t to be s… 
\isosteph- found it.......thinking abt u today reaganlover69 
\isosteph- i said i liked trains once and someone was like “shut the fuck up you attention hungry twat you only like trains fo… 
\isosteph- how are turn signals that do anything but blink on and off even legal bitch i’ll rear end u 
\isosteph- i can’t stop rereading this post it is just so perfectly crafted i know exactly which like.....5 ppl in my life are… 
\isosteph- god i have the Exact image of this guy shades on arms crossed posing on the embarcadero tech backpack by his feet..… 
\isosteph- imagine realizing girls don’t like u and then being such a little bitch about it that u get into evolutionary psychology 
\isosteph- wild how there’s about 8 million things i wanna do this week and zero that i wanna do right now 
\isosteph- whenever someone's like "wow stanford cs is so amazing" i think about the insane amounts of spam i get to my cs ema… 
\isosteph- lmfao 
\isosteph- every time i read a pg tweet about writing i lose 4 brain cells 
\isosteph- going to an expensive workout class not so much for fitness reasons but for the profound spiritual calm that comes… 
\isosteph- like many other newbies when i first joined twitter my feed was full of socal and arizona ppl but i’m happy to anno… 
\isosteph- remember despacito 
\isosteph- bored @ home might fuck around and become a full time reply guy 
\isosteph- every time a post goes around “left twitter” abt how they’ll never attract ppl w obscure theory and internecine con… 
\isosteph- imagine meeting someone cute &amp; fun, hitting it off, rly feeling their vibes and then u send them a meme or somethin… 
\isosteph- when a guy in sf says he “loves the outdoors” what he really means is he loves his $4300 of ultralight gear, high p… 
\isosteph- let me grab the 40 thousand dollars i have sitting around to go buy a car that won’t turn off unless i’m 20 ft away… 
\isosteph- “a tesla isn’t expensive” sir i 
\isosteph- if ur born from 1995-1998 ur socially millennial, fiscally gen z 
\isosteph- i don’t even own a car,, but i want to for maybe only this reason 
\isosteph- ok owning a car is expensive and bad for the environment but where else am i gonna find a safe space to sing along… 
\isosteph- this is the kind of intern project where u should get a return offer but also they should revert all ur code 
\isosteph- i feel bad abt shitting on design features sometimes bc yeah a real person put time and effort into them but this i… 
\isosteph- all i want in life is a loft apartment with soft lighting and toto shower fixtures 
\isosteph- squinting at q charts on one monitor, shen yun recordings fullscreened on the other, chanting “5000 years of civili… 
\isosteph- incredible shen yun x qanon crossover, everything i’ve ever dreamed of 
\isosteph- design ppl are too good at twitter and have taken over my tl is there anyone out there who is cool &amp; funny and also… 
\isosteph- do i want a bf or do i just want someone to bike around the empty &amp; perfectly lit streets of kyoto at night with me 
\isosteph- this website is a curse 
\isosteph- every time white ppl rediscover another vegetable or leaf type thing with any degree of flavor they go completely apeshit 
\isosteph- love the trend in fine dining of ppl obsessing over seaweed as a “bold &amp; unexpected flavor” they now have to throw… 
\isosteph- if you learned in an english native country you’re welcome to pick 4 if you really want to see results but that’s l… 
\isosteph- ppl who learned english in a non “english native” country: what kind of english accent were u taught 
\isosteph- script that automatically soft blocks a reply guy after n consecutive comments w/o a fav or reply from op, then har… 
\isosteph- making tech guys take humanities classes not bc it’ll make them more ethical but in the hope that maybe they’ll be… 
\isosteph- graphic design is my passion 
\isosteph- should i get my jawbone shaved to a tiny point 
\isosteph- love 2 walk around gangnam and feel like an overcooked land whale 
\isosteph- entertaining myself imagining an extremely jacked yet simultaneously extremely pasty male body 
\isosteph- i just Love being informed during takeoff that the passenger cabin of this plane is a public space and thus will be… 
\isosteph- this is the holy grail video for those incels that went crazy over the idea of girls rejecting them to fuck their d… 
\isosteph- fdr was the first podcaster 
\isosteph- uncle is complaining abt growing up using all the punch cards scattered around the house as scratch paper lmao 
\isosteph- at grandpa’s birthday dinner listening to all his physicist colleagues reminisce abt the good old days traveling ar… 
\isosteph- new snapchat app icon is so ugly i might finally delete 
\isosteph- peace disrupted watching this girl sit down next to me and methodically eat an entire half watermelon w a spoon 
\isosteph- eating a $2 bowl the size of my head of hand cut beef noodles &amp; reaching total inner peace 
\isosteph- walking around peking u trying to see if i can find a nice wealthy nearsighted boy w good party connections to take… 
\isosteph- journalism died the day the national enquirer didn’t make good on its promise to publish the bezos nudes 
\isosteph- so on brand for amazon to keep up the creepy ambassador positions even after widespread negative coverage a year ag… 
\isosteph- just had a slice of cantaloupe that was crisp and yet also sweet &amp; juicy.....safeway could never 
\isosteph- americans love to serve overripe cantaloupe and underripe honeydew 
\isosteph- “sOfTwArE iS eAtInG tHe wOrLd” as if 90% of code in prod isn’t broken lmao software can eat my ass 
\isosteph- my favorite twitter bug is the one where if u make a thread then trim back to 1 tweet it still says “show thread” b… 
\isosteph- cute &amp; pretty is useless and cute &amp; hot is a little cursed but pretty &amp; hot is a combination of limitless potential 
\isosteph- the most powerful girls are the ones who can pull off pretty &amp; hot at the same time 
\isosteph- overdone bit but also 65% of couples under the age of 26 in china look like this 
\isosteph- in airport security line watching very pretty delicate features girl in cute skirt and prada bag kiss tender goodby… 
\isosteph- the best is standing next to girls who look only slightly shorter than me and then looking down and realizing they’re wearing platform heels 
\isosteph- i go to china for 2 reasons: to eat fruit that actually tastes good and to tower over ppl at 5’5 
\isosteph- hey ppl that work at this website why is it that when you block a user they can still reply to your replies &amp; thus… 
\isosteph- if you reply to either of these tweets with shit like this i’m blocking you 
\isosteph- begging twitter to give me a different demographic for a day give me journalists or sorority girls or irony bros or… 
\isosteph- begging twitter to give me a different demographic for a day give me journalists or sorority girls or irony bros or… 
\isosteph- tech dudes make the worst reply guys bc they are both insanely unfunny And lacking in social awareness so u post so… 
\isosteph- lights off indie folk long shower kinda relaxing 
\isosteph- 16yo tousled hair/faraway eyes boy, 15yo lanky build/fiery spirit girl join the masked resistance, when news comes… 
\isosteph- young adult dystopia novel ft surveillance state, underground resistance who all wear masks that sense facial movem… 
\isosteph- anyways this started bc my grandpa’s apt building was gonna build an elevator but was blocked bc the lower floor re… 
\isosteph- today my mom told me “your generation complains so much, you’ll understand when you’re 35” and when i was like “hyp… 
\isosteph- asian immigrant parents who’ve made it into the 1% truly make the best conservatives 
\isosteph- only mood 
\isosteph- love being in china and showing ID to enter train stations, again to buy all transit tickets, again for most touris… 
\isosteph- lmao remember when i was a Published Humor Writer and not just an overly active slightly deranged twitter acct 
\isosteph- imagine if other countries treated english in such a dumb &amp; literal way like “here comes donald trump, america’s one-who-watches-over” 
\isosteph- white ppl love translating 加油 as “add oil” instead of like “you go” or something as if a single chinese person actu… 
\isosteph- always honored to make it into the likes sandwiched in between 3 arxiv links and a pg tweet 
\isosteph- always wonder what’s going thru the minds of the “dog dad. husband. deep learning @ fb ai research” guys when they… 
\isosteph- ppl tell me different things abt how old or young i look but all i know is i’m tryna stay for long as possible a jiejie and not an ayi 
\isosteph- sex before marriage is a sin but sex after marriage is boring... personally i believe in sex only During marriage.… 
\isosteph- perpetually insane that this entire country runs on a messaging app that refuses to become anything that’s not a me… 
\isosteph- evading chinese facial rec databases by holding my face in 🥴 expression for the full duration of my stay 
\isosteph- some of these are so bad i can’t even decide if my stance should be “these guys need to read more books” or “these… 
\isosteph- just read another incredibly cursed tech guy book recommendation thread 
\isosteph- u know how sometimes in life ur given a choice and u just know that whatever u pick will irrevocably change the cou… 
\isosteph- my 5th grade level chinese brain can’t understand anything to do w politics or history or abstract concepts but fuc… 
\isosteph- driving thru rural chinese countryside listening to raspy yet soft southern accent lady enumerate all the different… 
\isosteph- extreme anxiety whenever a hot asian girl follows me 
\isosteph- corollary 2000 word thinkpiece on dressing down thoughts u think could be kinda interesting with “3000 word thinkpi… 
\isosteph- 3000 word thinkpiece on how starting tweets about myself w the verb and omitting the “i” subject reflects the simul… 
\isosteph- suppose i could always fall in love or something hear that one’s pretty fun 
\isosteph- lying in hotel room thinking abt the huge mistake i made of getting laid last weekend in just,, a truly exceptional… 
\isosteph- gonna shape my political beliefs around whatever ideology promises the fastest solution to this plague on humankind… 
\isosteph- snoring should be illegal 
\isosteph- honestly surprised nobody in sf has done a “high concept chinese brunch” yet where a bowl of 白粥 with 油条 runs u $12 
\isosteph- chinese breakfast food is so fucking good 
\isosteph- not sure what the market is for tanned &amp; outdoorsy-aspirational midweight asian americans with valley girl vocal fry 
\isosteph- parents rly fucked up by having me in the states and thus robbing me of the chance to be a 100lb pale skin lightly… 
\isosteph- watching hundreds of ppl wheezing heaving themselves up the stairs 3 steps at a time before pausing bent over their… 
\isosteph- huangshan is a steep mountain range where all the paths are just steps carved up and down these cliffs and canyons… 
\isosteph- china is a country w stunning nature and chinese ppl in general appreciate that nature but my god they are so fucki… 
\isosteph- bon iver album drop signals the official end of hot girl summer 
\isosteph- back in china for the first time in years realizing i’ve gotten american soft but we’re back to peeing in squat toi… 
\isosteph- some of u seem to be taking this to mean “cannot be trusted” in like a hot way? let me clarify that if u send me a… 
\isosteph- me, drunkenly inviting u back to my creaky hostel bunk bed 
\isosteph- boys who send u smiley faces cannot be trusted 
\isosteph- update conductor came to check my ticket and turns out i got on the wrong train, this one was supposed to be 3 hour… 
\isosteph- nobody else is reacting not sure if i misheard or if this is some bizarre sort of italian joke 
\isosteph- lmao i’m on a train that is supposed to arrive shortly before i have to be at the airport for a 9 hour flight and t… 
\isosteph- used to skim thru most of that paper almost every day and eventually stopped after reading too many pieces with gia… 
\isosteph- maybe the nyt headline wouldn’t have been so bad if they hadn’t killed their entire full time copy desk or something a couple years ago 
\isosteph- nobody tells u this but if u live in hostels in europe for a month u begin to slowly develop an australian accent 
\isosteph- i love when visa sees that i am traveling and so for online purchases requires 2fa,, via sms messages that i cannot… 
\isosteph- gazing @ aquamarine waters experiencing the total peace and clarity of having been awake for 29 hours lmao 
\isosteph- status update lying on the beach in italy hair still smells like cigarette smoke from the club this morning.......l… 
\isosteph- LSAT logic games section should have fun real world scenarios like the above instead of two thousand iterations of committee assignments 
\isosteph- delicate social dynamics in the hostel rn as we try to assemble a group to go out that Does include the cool spanis… 
\isosteph- fingers trembling 
\isosteph- surreal moment walking home from the club at 7:30 in the morning waiting for the light to turn at a totally empty i… 
\isosteph- simulation is so god damn broken 
\isosteph- ah yes,, can’t read the news bc of a law that went into effect over a year ago 
\isosteph- light coming thru the clouds very softly hitting the businessman’s laptop screen at just the wrong angle no matter how he readjusts 
\isosteph- very hard to place mood rn sitting on the train going backward, hot spanish couple to one side of me making out sof… 
\isosteph- group of chinese girls in front of me on the platform are going around frantically asking ppl what’s wrong lmao 
\isosteph- train to berlin is 12 minutes late and counting everything i’ve heard about this country is a Lie 
\isosteph- everything i do is driven by a burning desire to have something soft and warm to hold that will let me care for and… 
\isosteph- want a cat 
\isosteph- here have an easy take it’s fucked up that germany is so reliant on cash but no stores will give u change. bring in… 
\isosteph- the differences between american/european/etc conceptions of race and ethnicity and nationality are actually incred… 
\isosteph- can’t wait for like 10 years from now when my life is going great and then i get brutally canceled for being revers… 
\isosteph- all german men are either light hair chiseled jaw efficiency machines named klaus or round face slightly balding dad bods named jan 
\isosteph- when i inevitably move to nyc u won’t get a 5000 word medium post ur gonna get 1 tweet abt how i finally succumbed… 
\isosteph- glad the author decided to contribute to the sf community fabric before leaving by purchasing and retaining property he doesn’t live in tho 
\isosteph- insides itching as i read yet another “leaving sf for nyc” article that begins “i moved to sf bc i loved how litera… 
\isosteph- thinking abt the peak of my esports career when i hit the top 10 global leaderboard for the briefly popular iOS gam… 
\isosteph- 
\isosteph- cannot believe my morning abs disappeared after one (1) croissant beurre this country is a scam 
\isosteph- they rly fucked up making the AI in her a sexy empathetic fembot kinda character when clearly what men actually wan… 
\isosteph- younger asian gf who’s smarter than you but would never let you know it and who never ages and who is also a bot si… 
\isosteph- ml dudes continue to be extremely normal and well adjusted 
\isosteph- “walking distance” is the most useless phrase on airbnb and should be banned. could be 5 min if ur a lazy suburbani… 
\isosteph- twitter experience rly took a significant downturn when catsu got suspended none of the other cat accounts do it for me the same 
\isosteph- in california the sunsets run pink 
\isosteph- one of my favorite things abt europe is that the clouds have bluish undertones and sit low &amp; puffy on the horizon a… 
\isosteph- preferably with that weird intestinal sausage that hangs off ur fork in lil curls it’s rly the only reason i come here at all 
\isosteph- french food is mostly overrated at the non fine dining level but the buckwheat galette/sweet crepe/cider combo is a culinary masterwork 
\isosteph- one year ago...... i am at least 50 percent dumber now but on the bright side i also have more opinions!! 
\isosteph- flashing back to coming home after a long day on the neighbors’ xbox in mid 2006 and receiving a warning from dad c… 
\isosteph- can’t believe my parents decided for me as a kid that i was gonna be good at math and not like, esports 
\isosteph- quick look @ my european vacation experience 
\isosteph- scouring my apartment for something sharp enough to open the SIM card slot on my phone and finally got it done by s… 
\isosteph- imagine printing out ur nudes and selling them door to door like a girl scout 
\isosteph- thinking abt signaling my disaffection w modern society and also my commitment to being on twitter dot com for 18 h… 
\isosteph- lmao also let me clarify that this happened in PARIS 
\isosteph- sitting in a kebab shop absolutely floored by the american family who just walked in, asked for nachos, was told th… 
\isosteph- they closed all of rue de rivoli to cars for like 2 miles bc of the tour de france and now this enormous avenue is… 
\isosteph- trying &amp; failing to conceptualize just how fuckin dense u have to be to jump on someone else’s tweet with a dumb as… 
\isosteph- about to go eat ramen in a white top bc i like to play games with god 
\isosteph- rly trapped myself by starting out with only tech guy followers bc u accumulate ur followers’ followers and the onl… 
\isosteph- how do u say “anon” (as a noun meaning anonymous person) 
\isosteph- hot girl summer time 
\isosteph- sometimes i get vague anxiety abt being boring and missing out on Classic Life Experiences but last night i managed… 
\isosteph- is this what it means to be baby 
\isosteph- feel like i am supposed to be too jaded to listen to those shimmery kinda summer songs that belong in teen movie mo… 
\isosteph- now this is next level reply guying all other reply guys please step up ur game 
\isosteph- anyways do any cute boys wanna come rub anti itch cream on my newly acquired mosquito bites?? 9 out of 9 mosquitoes… 
\isosteph- why the Fuck don’t houses in europe have window screens like if u live in a place that a) gets hot and b) has mosqu… 
\isosteph- twitter can be weird for ur ego bc u get attention for the dumbest shit but thankfully i have a bunch of dudes who… 
\isosteph- anyone wanna come hang out w me at all my fav air conditioned spots in paris (the freezer aisles at monop, franprix, carrefour city) 
\isosteph- sooooooo no code review for u then :/ 
\isosteph- instead i have to suffer the indignities that come with a sturdy american body, like feeling a drop of liquid roll… 
\isosteph- fantasizing about leaning out my window, smoking one (1) cigarette, and having all the fat melt off my body and tur… 
\isosteph- it is one hundred and four degrees in paris today does anyone have AC,, can offer sexual favors Or code review whic… 
\isosteph- not a teen i suppose but we’ll let it slide for the sake of plot integrity 
\isosteph- Sleepy Asian teen forced to CHUG entire bottle of water by HOT Oslo airport security man who won’t let her leave un… 
\isosteph- design thinking strikes again 
\isosteph- just wanna add that i took a public! bus! with wifi and chargers! that takes you 6 hours from the city to the middl… 
\isosteph- i’m allowed to post this because My personality is multifaceted and complex, having been shaped by 19 or even 20 twitter accounts 
\isosteph- do you ever discover a corner of the internet and suddenly realize someone you know’s entire personality has been s… 
\isosteph- might have a higher than average amount of self loathing but at least i’m not one of those people going up the trai… 
\isosteph- Hot Swedish girl gently shames you for flying instead of taking the train and also for wearing synthetic fleece tha… 
\isosteph- solo travel u never know if making friends is gonna work out but this german girl in my hiking group just told me a… 
\isosteph- sipping a cold beer at the lodge after a day spent glissading down a mountain in straight sunshine &amp; blue skies and… 
\isosteph- the turing test but instead of a robot trying to convince you it’s as smart as a human it’s a 22-25yo guy trying to… 
\isosteph- the real problem with the european attitude is that not enough of them have met any fuerdai 
\isosteph- having an out of body experience listening to this british guy try to impress some german girls by explaining why “… 
\isosteph- you can tell where people’s driveways start because that’s where the potholes appear and the lines start fading but… 
\isosteph- didn’t rly understand what living in a rich country is supposed to be like until we drove 6 hours out of oslo into… 
\isosteph- always extremely disconcerting when any account on the tl posts something indicating they are not american. kinda f… 
\isosteph- made one too many incel jokes and it’s come back to haunt me.......conversation w cute games designer guy on the tr… 
\isosteph- alexa how do i exchange my reply guys for reply girls 
\isosteph- either i get ritual sacrificed for my silky dark hair OR i bend them to my will and rise up as a new oriental godde… 
\isosteph- hanging out in the mountains for a week with a bunch of extremely blond scandinavians is this the plot of that mids… 
\isosteph- gazing out at the norwegian fjords kinda tipsy thinking abt the 80/20 principle 
\isosteph- hung out with a guy named chad at the hostel last night and tbh he was pretty hot.......maybe the incels were right 
\isosteph- europe: healthcare and education are public goods! we pay taxes so that everyone can live a fulfilling life with th… 
\isosteph- the death penalty is wrong in all cases except for the guy taking a 20+ minute dump in this extremely crowded coffe… 
\isosteph- siri how do i become the ridiculously fashionable &amp; slender woman who steamrolled me this morning going up a 25 deg… 
\isosteph- norwegians hike at the most insane speeds these people have made the entire concept of “uphill” their little bitch 
\isosteph- i love performing semi ironically nonchalant yet also exaggerated takes on my personal angst for my twitter audienc… 
\isosteph- here’s an idea: traveling for fun as i am doing now............but, with someone who l*ves me? hm 
\isosteph- fighting with influential ceos on main while on vacation because i have no sense of reason, or self preservation 
\isosteph- incredible move to announce w just no irony whatsoever that ur eng team has about the same number of kevins as wome… 
\isosteph- boxers are so fuckin weird like ur just gonna wear some shorts inside ur pants? lmao 
\isosteph- ridiculing my friend for checking his work email while on vacation while across the table i consume hundreds upon t… 
\isosteph- a podcast but it’s just a livestream of me and my therapist, doing therapy 
\isosteph- twitter is better than instagram bc to get validation on instagram u have to either be hot or have friends that lik… 
\isosteph- twitter is better than instagram bc to get validation on instagram u have to either be hot or have friends that lik… 
\isosteph- lisbon is some weird alternate universe european version of sf where the good parts are even better and the bad parts are less bad 
\isosteph- dropping all my plans to move to sf and looking for jobs in lisbon instead bye 4ever 
\isosteph- let me clarify that i am talking about women i do not give a shit abt what u dudes are wearing lmao 
\isosteph- why don’t europeans wear shorts have they just learned to be sweaty all the time 
\isosteph- an emotional cleanse....how i make sure that when i land i’m always alive and ready to P A R T Y 
\isosteph- killing time on the plane by staring out the window and counting how many painful memories i can relive until my chest hurts wbu 
\isosteph- i like to read about things i do not understand and rn i am Extremely distressed that there don’t seem to exist any… 
\isosteph- traveling with a white friend so they know you speak english 😌 
\isosteph- what about this twitter feed would ever indicate that i’d be the slower walker in this situation......my dudes 
\isosteph- fantasizing about my ideal bf.... - not psychotic - walks at the same speed as me - ??? - that’s about it 
\isosteph- people who applaud the sun for setting are my favorite flavor of deranged 
\isosteph- i want to be reincarnated as a stray cat on a greek island i’ve decided there is no higher form of living 
\isosteph- my favorite thing about europe is being called “china” four times a day by randos on the street, as i do in fact id… 
\isosteph- marianne williamson discourse somehow missing the fact that she is 66 and has better skin than i have ever seen on any woman of any age 
\isosteph- midway thru some tweet about how “boomer” is too easy of a word to mock and in 20 years we’re gonna have to make “g… 
\isosteph- about to go 2 months without my laptop... it will be difficult but i have heard that separation from a loved one ca… 
\isosteph- love injecting concentrated hot takes from twitter dot com straight into my brainstem for an hour and a half while… 
\isosteph- it’s almost like D&amp;I has two components...., weird how that happens 
\isosteph- ah fuck i knew the problem with this industry was its underrepresentation of curly hair, which is definitely as int… 
\isosteph- ft such logical gems as “we don’t have enough diversity, so diversity isn’t enough” (???) 
\isosteph- hey if u wanna spice up ur wednesday do what i did and take a few minutes to read the latest bad take on diversity… 
\isosteph- the key is to only go to chinese restaurants with non asian friends now so u can pretend ur being inclusive instead… 
\isosteph- my parents took a bunch of home videos of me just killing it w the chinese flashcards at the age of like 2 thinking… 
\isosteph- girls who do super sleek pulled back ponytails where u risk ur head looking like an egg from the front are so powerful 
\isosteph- Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; thine ass shalt be pale as dust fore… 
\isosteph- nowhere in the bible does it point out that one of the greatest parts of being naked and free in the garden of eden… 
\isosteph- instead of doing drugs i just don’t drink any water so like 8 times a day every time i stand up i get to black out and see god 
\isosteph- one of them runs this country tho 
\isosteph- before getting on twitter i’d see stuff on it referenced in the news and assume it was like, an accurate representa… 
\isosteph- rly looking forward to when i start work and all my coworkers who’ve been exposed to the takes on this account real… 
\isosteph- gonna go meditate or some shit for a few minutes.... use some visualization techniques to remind myself to be Disaffected on this website 
\isosteph- every straight guy i know here who is reasonably social and well adjusted has literally no problem getting a date b… 
\isosteph- once i went on a date in sf with this guy who was actually p cute and normal on paper and then he asked me what my… 
\isosteph- lmfao this is my favorite myth of all time i adore the assumption that women are looking for “well paid” and not so… 
\isosteph- personally i am looking for someone who can do both....a sociopath who can hold his own talking over me at parties… 
\isosteph- in sf either you can get married to a high powered sociopath who’ll @ you as his “better half” in his twitter bio a… 
\isosteph- slowly eroding tens of thousands of years of fine motor skills development giving us the ability to form complex si… 
\isosteph- haven’t had to write more than a sentence at a time on paper in the past 9 months and it’s extremely depressing to… 
\isosteph- being somewhat active in both posting and consuming posts on this website feels a little like what i imagine it’s l… 
\isosteph- someone pls teach the men of this city that clothes that are not made of soft cotton/polyester blend do in fact exi… 
\isosteph- a podcast but all the hosts are painfully aware of how annoying their voices are so it’s just a stream of their group text instead 
\isosteph- bought a cute jumpsuit and then remembered that i am moving to san francisco, to work in the technology industry, a… 
\isosteph- complaining loudly to the bartender that having an entire trivia category be “car parts” is antithetical to the spi… 
\isosteph- so i could pay for 2 hours of therapy or for the same cost i could buy a nintendo switch and sink 300 hours into br… 
\isosteph- judging my therapist for being too nice and just absolutely refusing to cooperate until they send me a Bigger, Stronger therapist 
\isosteph- somewhere out there is a powerpoint by some shoe exec detailing the master plan to keep women indoors by making all… 
\isosteph- making the same model of hiking boot in muted brown for men and bright blue with neon yellow accents for women is institutionalized misogyny 
\isosteph- watching big little lies is a good reminder i need 2 work harder on achieving my life dream of being in a deeply un… 
\isosteph- everyone else today: graduation day is such an emotional time, so proud to have finished this degree, so thankful t… 
\isosteph- which democratic candidate am i supposed to vote for if my entire personality is based on being incredibly disaffec… 
\isosteph- taking apart a body from skin to muscle to organ to vessel to nerve to bone gives you a sense of all these weird as… 
\isosteph- turns out if ur willing to hang out with premeds and commit massive amounts of anatomy to memory and be generally r… 
\isosteph- many surreal moments from five years here but i do keep coming back to the quarter where stanford let me, an underg… 
\isosteph- thinkin about driving up and down 280 rn just to watch the fog crest over the hills 
\isosteph- plan for this account this summer is to simultaneously alienate all my cool industry followers, weird reply guys, a… 
\isosteph- my high school english teacher said i had “an incisive literary mind” so i’ve decided i’m also qualified to start doing horny tweets 
\isosteph- perfect temperature outside tn....thinking about doing a bit where i walk around the neighborhood, with someone who… 
\isosteph- Can I get some pseudocode of a stack and one of a heap? Can I also get 3 different list sorts any method? Also, can… 
\isosteph- me, placing my hand on the department’s enormous, shuddering printer-scanner-copier-binder-puncher-assembler as i f… 
\isosteph- among other things, i love that the instagram drafts UI still looks exactly like the intern hackathon project that it undoubtedly was 
\isosteph- thinkin about how this is probably the future anyway 
\isosteph- most insane thing about this heat wave is that at 6am the sky is bright fuckin blue. no cool morning fog layer, no clouds......just sizzling 
\isosteph- love that we live in a world where a bunch of people with a very high level of language understanding who could’ve… 
\isosteph- at some level i think i am proposing replacing the ppl that write those books that are just enormous lit reviews an… 
\isosteph- v tiring reading cs papers and then finding out the methods proposed are now 6 (!!) months out of date and the whol… 
\isosteph- ok here is an ML product i actually want: service that combs thru a paper’s citations and tells you which ones buil… 
\isosteph- hanging out with tech guys is such a gamble u think they’re chill and then one day one of them just unironically calls someone a chad 
\isosteph- mood: just turned in my last ever cs assignment ✨😌😎🏄‍♀️ 
\isosteph- is this the content all you VCs followed me for 
\isosteph- my roommate just moved out of the master so obviously i went to take a shit in her bathroom and lemme tell u there… 
\isosteph- people going on runs past my house rn.....who hurt you 
\isosteph- babe please, i have roommates 
\isosteph- many years later, as he faced the firing squad, colonel aureliano buendia was to remember that distant afternoon wh… 
\isosteph- thinking about how before mass refrigeration there were millions of people in the world who’d just never in their l… 
\isosteph- friday night week 10 drunk but can’t sleep who wants to do some lines of melatonin 
\isosteph- every time i walk past an open parked convertible i’m like....there is Nothing stopping me from pouring some orange… 
\isosteph- started out this year making chicken with nice marsala wine and mushrooms and parsley and everything but here we ar… 
\isosteph- someone who is good at time management please help me budget this. my hopes and dreams are dying 
\isosteph- thinking about ur 20s is so tiring how am i supposed to advance a career, move to nyc, go back to sf, do a thru hik… 
\isosteph- the whole concept of blimps is so insane in 2019 like just look at these enormous fuckers just sitting there just a… 
\isosteph- astrology app telling me to do it 
\isosteph- the sole reason i work out and eat vegetables during the quarter is so i can completely destroy myself in week 10 a… 
\isosteph- i love the 3 day crunch at the end of the quarter of not sleeping or showering, exclusively listening to deep house… 
\isosteph- wait final note i’ve also really enjoyed opening the profiles of a good number of these guys and seeing “followed b… 
\isosteph- turns out having those guys and also a number of rly lovely actual white supremacists yelling at u about race mixin… 
\isosteph- past couple of days been a truly informative look into the minds of lots of internet dudes who resist understanding… 
\isosteph- debating leaning into the shitposting hard and fast over the next few days so all these cool &amp; influential industry ppl unfollow me again 
\isosteph- rly never thought White Man Discourse was gonna be my legacy online 
\isosteph- sry for the takes we will return to ur regularly scheduled semi ironic self loathing very shortly 
\isosteph- if ur an asian girl ask urself do i only find white guys attractive? bc guess what ur also the problem and u enable… 
\isosteph- if ur a white dude ask urself am i only dating asians? is it bc i find asian girls categorically cuter/more feminin… 
\isosteph- my unsolicited non ironic take on yellow fever is it rly shouldn’t be weird to date ppl of any racial background bu… 
\isosteph- sf has taught me to be immediately suspicious whenever a white guy starts talking about how much he loves trains, w… 
\isosteph- why did i study computer science? well i have a dream of becoming a white tech guy’s 3rd consecutive asian girlfrie… 
\isosteph- *tech dude’s brief foray into creative writing voice* life was her podcast, and i was but a half-episode guest on an off week 
\isosteph- stanford campus housing made me such a weak adult like......did u know u have to keep buying food to feed urself? a… 
\isosteph- grading typechecking proofs and i love when ppl write stuff like “unfortunately, the program is incorrectly typed”… 
\isosteph- *tips hat* yes ma’am i’m usually a man of peace myself but every so often i do enjoy getting in the occasional wee… 
\isosteph- this is not to say that my takes that do make it online aren't bad but at least i have another outlet. what i'm try… 
\isosteph- this AI law class is great bc every week i have to write 4 pages about tech &amp; when ur forced to write ur hot tech t… 
\isosteph- thinkin about that bojack episode where todd realizes all his female drivers are getting harassed by male passenger… 
\isosteph- let’s not roll this out i imagine women who drive for uber would rly prefer to not get stalked off the platform 
\isosteph- i wish i could have this illustrious a career in bad tweets 
\isosteph- i was having kind of a shitty day until i read this take lmfao i’m shaken 
\isosteph- if a VC schedules ur pitch meeting at a bustling communal table at 2pm peak hours do they even care 
\isosteph- nothing gives me life like sitting at menlo park coffee shops w headphones in &amp; no music playing in order to eavesdrop on VC conversations 
\isosteph- anyways i think this piece has been v influential in the 20 years since publication and i found it generally compel… 
\isosteph- some points i liked: - architecture affects regulability, which affects architecture - privacy doesn't happen w/o p… 
\isosteph- extremely into this 1999 lessig piece we read for class this week on the interplay between the law + the architectu… 
\isosteph- immense respect for the 80 or so committed attendees at the darty we just drove past, valiantly pounding nattys shi… 
\isosteph- even a slightly flaccid penis is only marginally more disappointing than a slightly flaccid grape 
\isosteph- few things are as disturbing + disappointing as when u accidentally eat a soft grape 
\isosteph- still better than the women’s version, which some genius decided to make this in greenish grayish khaki that scient… 
\isosteph- why are outdoor brands so bad at picking colors for their products i was so satisfied w my purchase of a nice dark… 
\isosteph- i’ve spent a nonnegligible fraction of my waking hours on a laptop almost every day since the age of 11 that can’t be good for u lmfao 
\isosteph- thrown into deep existential angst when i rerealize every week or so that carpal tunnel damage is irreversible 
\isosteph- as i was leaving an incredibly large football player almost ran over me on a tiny electric skateboard at the exact… 
\isosteph- have u rly lived pms if u haven’t cried at the gym to travis scott’s hit 2018 track “sicko mode”? yeah didn’t think so 
\isosteph- these guys trained a model to recognize frontal and rear nudity for both sexes and then only tested the generative… 
\isosteph- there's a fun trend in GAN papers where the example images in results sections are always of women &amp; obvi the autho… 
\isosteph- nobody: package author: he/she is TOO VERBOSE and singular they MAKES NO GRAMMATICAL SENSE so we are gonna come up… 
\isosteph- all men should have to do an extra year of school that’s just like, therapy 
\isosteph- someone tell me what flavor of tech bro this is because i actually have no idea 
\isosteph- pretty Fucked Up that my weekly anxiety dreams of running for hours from volcanic eruptions/paramilitaries/friends… 
\isosteph- seeing a car with a mount rack thing on top used to make me think “cyclist” or “skier” but now after 5 years in pal… 
\isosteph- it’s so depressing when i hit traffic on the highway and then have to manually switch from my 80mph music to my 20mph music 
\isosteph- want: an app that pulls gps/accel data to figure out how fast you’re driving and queues up songs of the appropriate pace + mood from spotify 
\isosteph- life is just god running a giant parameter grid search and it seems my brain is the result of when He decided to maximize “dumb” and “bitch” 
\isosteph- can a TA pls tell me why my neural net isn’t learning (the neural net is my brain and the answer is probably because i’m dumb) 
\isosteph- thought maybe i’d have more energy to study for this midterm considering it’s my ~last cs exam ever~ but nope i’m s… 
\isosteph- there’s a 99% chance i become one of those old ppl that tries rly hard to be Cool With The Kids but ends up deeply… 
\isosteph- there’s a 99% chance i become one of those old ppl that tries rly hard to be Cool With The Kids but ends up deeply… 
\isosteph- watching boomers grapple with understanding computers and like, diversity is terrifying on a personal level bc what… 
\isosteph- sometimes i remember there are people rly living in places with humidity lmao 
\isosteph- anyways to compete w fb dating i’m launching my own dating app today. it’s called “what are we“ and it matches you… 
\isosteph- just tryna live life with the confidence &amp; energy of these students that submit regrade requests within 5 min of grades being released 
\isosteph- a GAN but it’s my asleep brain and my awake brain competing to fuck up my hold on reality 
\isosteph- nobody: first sentence of any computer vision paper: it is just so amazing that humans can see things, in a process called vision 
\isosteph- the reason everyone has to rely on all these memorized patterns to do OOP is because no sane human would come up with this shit themselves 
\isosteph- reading poorly commented python is bad bc you have to figure out the weird data abstractions in someone else's head… 
\isosteph- my high school had a “4 inches above the knee” rule for shorts which meant all guys were totally fine but i had to… 
\isosteph- the real sexism in tech is companies whose casual dress codes mean it’s socially acceptable for men to wear shorts… 
\isosteph- love rebelling against my ancestors and god himself by popping 3 lactaids and eating a bowlful of ice cream on this lovely tuesday night 
\isosteph- yeah i know how to gdb (Get Down to some Bangers) 
\isosteph- most on-brand thing i did today was find my barre instructor on spotify so i could go thru the music she plays duri… 
\isosteph- if anyone wants to fund my ethics as a service (EaaS) startup we are raising a seed round. our business model is we… 
\isosteph- still can’t stop thinking about how energetically this law student proposed an “ethics consulting industry” yesterd… 
\isosteph- emailing his lawyers asking them to drop them tomorrow at the same time as the mueller report for maximum chaos 
\isosteph- woke up today thinking about how the bezos nudes were never released and the world just moved on 
\isosteph- responses to this are extremely bleak which means maybe this is an opportunity.........gonna go google “dumb shit t… 
\isosteph- ppl who need therapy: awake and angsty at 2am ppl who are well adjusted enough to do therapy for a living: awake a… 
\isosteph- why do therapists even work mornings like u rly expect me to roll out of bed and be vulnerable at 9am when i haven’… 
\isosteph- replicating coachella in my room by getting fucked up on one (1) sudafed, taking all my clothes off, bobbing my hea… 
\isosteph- skipping lecture to draft a FOIA request for all nudes possessed by the US government 
\isosteph- if you don't wanna spend time answering your intern's questions, don't take an intern! if you don't care about figu… 
\isosteph- teaching/mentoring is such an important &amp; difficult &amp; impactful endeavor and it's like, super Fucked Up when someon… 
\isosteph- law review articles on AI are so fun to read vs. news pieces bc lawyers don’t care about morals lmao journalist: h… 
\eileentso- #teamguenther 🏁😄 
\eileentso- don’t be disconcerted... I’ve just been preoccupied binge-watching #f1 #DriveToSurvive S2 for the last day or so ✅… 
\eileentso- *Salesforce (not SAP as GoCardless investor) 
\eileentso- great piece re Britain’s 36,000 scale-ups featuring @hirokitakeuchi @GoCardless; glad for efforts of @TechNation… 
\eileentso- happy faces from ☀️❄️🎿🥰 @ Val-d'Isère 
\eileentso- as much as I tried to resist, definitely one of our favourite times of the year🎿☀️❄️ #fourthyearrunning #valdisere… 
\eileentso- congratulations @KentuckyChang and all the team @mavenclinic; absolutely love what you’re doing for women’s health… 
\eileentso- HBD @monzo 🥳 #fiveyearsold 
\eileentso- part 2 (or simply put another way): “I think the best businesses find something that's really positive for society… 
\eileentso- part 1 of @t_blom better-than-TED talk: “We have to be profitable and sustainable. But you also need to think about… 
\eileentso- 😕 
\eileentso- also 25y after moving from Irving, TX (where I lived for only 6mo but still) I am re-introducing y’all into my voca… 
\eileentso- lost track of how many times I teared up/cried 🙈🙌 #NetflixCheer 
\eileentso- omg just watched E2 about Jerry’s story and I’m bawling 😭 literally the best 
\eileentso- a little late to this, but I’m binge-watching #NetflixCheer and I’m not going to stop #dontjudgeme 
\eileentso- for when you’re looking for 2 straight hours of stress (but it’s sooo good) 😝 
\eileentso- 😂 
\eileentso- varying levels of engagement... and then a mis-spelled surname 👀😆 @ BBC Broadcasting House 
\eileentso- sir @martinsorrell is a tough act to follow, but I’ll give it a shot talking UK tech after Brexit in ~12 mins… 
\eileentso- ps: someone has a very large head 👀 
\eileentso- my political views and personal dis-/tastes aside, always good to talk to officials about why investors from around… 
\eileentso- thinking back to these sunny rays today ☀️🕶 #nofilter @ Zighy Bay 
\eileentso- it’s really me that needs to thank @gerardgrech for his patience (first time Chair, anyone!?), constant support &amp; a… 
\eileentso- only UK size 5 shoes actually 🙃👟... big 💙 to all of you 🙏🤗 
\eileentso- 4/4: re what I’ll “do next”, I’ll continue to support &amp; invest in UK ecosystem w/my day job @passioncapital👩🏻‍💻(eg… 
\eileentso- 3/4: the organisation will forever be special to me 🥰✨ but I look forward to handing over the Chair to someone who… 
\eileentso- 2/4: remarkable what the team achieved given our start as TechCity UK+Tech North; 2 Prime Ministers 🇬🇧and 4 Secreta… 
\eileentso- 1/4: hard to condense in a tweet (or 4!) but sending my most heartfelt thanks 💙🙏 to @gerardgrech &amp; the whole… 
\eileentso- imho you can tell a lot about someone based on whether or not they make space for you/r chair next to them around a… 
\eileentso- 1. sorry *coronavirus (one word, duh) 2. didn’t speak about Kobe because his death was so well-covered practically… 
\eileentso- good early start to the working week; thanks as always to #bbcthebriefing @BenMBland for having me on to chat about… 
\eileentso- obvs 😂 
\eileentso- ngl I was excited to see him/this 🤩 #aubameyang 
\eileentso- Zighy Bay #neverforget #nofilter @ Six Senses Zighy Bay 
\eileentso- when TP and I finally take a holiday (no kids and no work meetings/business trip to anchor)🍦🦶☀️🏝 @tpowell1985 @ Zig… 
\eileentso- 72h ago... and now 🏝☀️🚈 #nofilters #zighybaytoeuston @ Zighy Bay 
\eileentso- tldr: erm, nope. also this 👉 “The fact that mistreating employees is standard practice among many CEOs doesn’t mean… 
\eileentso- PSA: 
\eileentso- seriously... why is he still allowed to tweet??? 😠 
\eileentso- tfw you run 5.5km but #strava decides to be annoying AF 
\eileentso- well that didn't take long (further to my last tweet)... 
\eileentso- because 2020 is starting out so nicely (cough), here's @digitalshadows "2020 Cybersecurity Forecasts: 5 trends and… 
\eileentso- we're on the hunt for new in-house counsel @passioncapital... if you know of any lawyers who love tech/startups and… 
\eileentso- when my TL gets it right... 
\eileentso- no better way to start the 2020 working year than bright (dark!) and early w @SallyBundockBBC #bbcthebriefing at 05… 
\eileentso- PSA: set the bar higher than Stevie... also now I can’t follow him [you] else I’d deprive him [you] of his [your] g… 
\eileentso- not all vc’s... @passioncapital never asks for legal fees to be reimbursed (no cap on that either) and has never as… 
\eileentso- little unsure about #2 but have to agree with the other 16 of the top 17 most important pop culture moments of the… 
\eileentso- 👋hello Mauritius... and anyone else anywhere else in the world who listened to my ramblings w/@BenMBland @BBCWorld… 
\eileentso- really is shameful and disappointing that @PaulaVennells1 still won't apologise; same wrt @PostOffice Chairman Tim… 
\eileentso- it’s a pleasure joining @BenMBland this morning! 📺 
\eileentso- since it’s a work day, might as well make it an early one... 🌒 heading into #BBCTheBriefing @bbcnews #riseandshine… 
\eileentso- 💪🧠📖💻 
\eileentso- never has AML been so exciting 🥳congrats team Salv @TaaviTamkivi @jeff___m and @flyVC @gmatuschka @mariewennergren… 
\eileentso- social media marketing 101💥 #gibbo #lovemonzo 
\eileentso- great observations and post by @Alex_Danco — starting to see a bit of this in London now via @Techmeme 
\eileentso- -@jimmychappell @digitalshadows speaks with @itvnews 
\eileentso- TIL the Gmail app notification badge supports six digits 👍🤫 cc @rosnow @glickman 
\eileentso- .@Monzo pr0n 🔥 
\eileentso- otoh 👉 @dhh 
\eileentso- lots of anti-portfolio companies tbh... in addition to @taavet @kaarmann @Transferwise there’s also @eamonjubbawy… 
\eileentso- always an honour sharing a stage w/@t_blom...! thanks to everyone who spent Saturday afternoon with us talking… 
\eileentso- any excuse for me to pull out the merch! 🤓 thanks @MarcusNailor Naji Esiri and all the Monzonauts who volunteered… 
\eileentso- 🤐😏 
\eileentso- 👀 
\eileentso- sorry I look slightly angry here 😄 but really enjoyed speaking at #BarclaysNewFrontiers today; thanks to all… 
\eileentso- 👋 good morning, Greg... and everyone off to #WebSummit19 🙃 
\eileentso- maybe just Zoom or Google Hangout? 
\eileentso- 2. “How so?” 3. “It’s Gilfoyle.” 4. The *sigh* 🤣 
\eileentso- all the feels from this thread 👇🤓 
\eileentso- infuriating 😡 why doesn’t she see the devastation to victim’s family — and return to UK to face the music?? “Mrs Sa… 
\eileentso- hallo @ Oslo, Norway 
\eileentso- imho fintech far from being “done”... we’ve had the first wave which has been mostly B2C, yet to see the B2B wave w… 
\eileentso- update 2031: time to leave the office 💤 
\eileentso- update 1226: I'm sooooo sleepyyyyyyy 😴 
\eileentso- as per @CyWakeman research: "almost 2.5 hours per day per employee are wasted seeking an answer that doesn’t exist,… 
\eileentso- post-dated (timed) status: 0547 (📷 someone else who clearly also didn’t want to get out of bed) 
\eileentso- #tbt when @MikeBloomberg (team) tagged me in a LinkedIn post (although not in the tweet) 😉... wonder if I should se… 
\eileentso- pretty excited about 1h extra asleep when clocks go back on Saturday night/Sunday morning 🙌 
\eileentso- alarm went off and I actually got out of bed at 0350 but now in town and 1) I can’t even remember waking up anymore… 
\eileentso- current status: 0431 BST 
\eileentso- this thread is beyond #smh thresholds 🤯 
\eileentso- back on #BBCTheBriefing @bbcnews channel tomorrow morning (0510, 0540, 0610, re-play 0640)... and while this prev t… 
\eileentso- brilliant recognition for @dougall @andrewtc04 and all at team @adzuna 💪👏 
\eileentso- TIL: best way to get a fast email response from me = suggest to me me that my Brexit prediction was wrong 🤣 
\eileentso- haven’t stopped thinking about this last couple of days... really struck by the parallels between “Free Solo” (Alex… 
\eileentso- imho this applies to feelings of imposter syndrome too by @andymolinsky via @scoutu 
\eileentso- punchline: “Governance is the only answer. Its absence cost Woodford’s investors dear” by @olivershah 
\eileentso- so many lessons from Neil Woodford rise &amp; fall but this seems true in all things/sectors: “Prolonged success goes t… 
\eileentso- I wanna be like Denita when I grow up 😎 
\eileentso- can verify 
\eileentso- precisely why my camera/video is always off in Zoom or Hangouts 😂 
\eileentso- greater likelihood if you clicked through than if you didn’t 😉 
\eileentso- wish that @BBCWatchdog had shared the full @monzo statement on their programme last night (included here)👇 but glad… 
\eileentso- it’s been awhile, but interesting morning to have been back at Parliament 
\eileentso- what can I say, I’m a trend setter... or simply have the brain of a teenager 🤓💁🏻‍♀️ (ok, truthfully I just never un… 
\eileentso- this morning I went to a dentist for the first time in 25+ years 🙈🦷😬 #sendthoughtsandprayers 
\eileentso- 💕 @ London, United Kingdom 
\eileentso- 13 seconds of @monzo love 🧡👋 😄 @jshwide @richardleggett via @MakingMonzo #allhandsallin #givethisguyfreemerch 
\eileentso- 🙏 thank you! but as you could see, I will blab (and blab and blab!) all day, so thanks to you and all Monzonauts fo… 
\eileentso- was a pleasure to seed @GeorgeBevis @TideBusiness w/@localglobevc in early 2016 and a privilege to serve as Chair f… 
\eileentso- 💛 @monzo 🧡 APIs ❤️ Monzo community and cc @JamesSherlouk 
\eileentso- “Why’d you put your name on the company?” -@flacqua brilliant as ever speaking to @MikeBloomberg along with Richard… 
\eileentso- really looking forward to this afternoon’s panel w/@niccary @blockchain Euan Blair @whitehatgb and also ofc to see… 
\eileentso- ahaaaa (thank you!) 
\eileentso- not trying to be funny (and it sounds like a great company), but what is "pre-Series B"...? and how is it different… 
\eileentso- I absolutely ❤️ this account. better than @bbcnews at keeping me up to date on POTUS ridiculousness 
\eileentso- thanks for having me 🙏 
\eileentso- it was just too easy... 🙃😇 
\eileentso- quite a remarkable article about @ecachette and her fund of funds; I’m a little less worried now about the fact tha… 
\eileentso- somehow I’d never even heard of this song until just now... !! “Don’t Walk Away, Eileen” by… 
\eileentso- race control #SingaporeGP 🏁🏎👀 
\eileentso- .@RGrosjean @haasf1team garage (wait for it!) 45 min before race start 🏎🏁 #SingaporeGP 
\eileentso- (I’m prob the only one who doesn’t like this, aren’t I?) 😔 
\eileentso- (I’m prob the only one who doesn’t like this, aren’t I?) 😔 
\eileentso- umm just what 🤦🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- 💪👋😎🚲 @JUMPbyUber &gt; @limebike @eileentso &gt; @tpowell1985 😂 🍻for @thetimmorgan 
\eileentso- .@BBCNews homepage featuring the @EyeEm Photography Awards 🙌📱 
\eileentso- 💥💥💥 tfw @monzo hits 3 million customers (adding 1 million accounts in just 4 months is... 🤯) 🙌🙌🙌 
\eileentso- 11 months for the first 1 million 8 months for its 2nd million 4 months for its 3rd million 👀 at this rate (cons… 
\eileentso- to echo this and follow my last tweet, we’re always looking for more 🔎 #hitme #openforbidness 
\eileentso- aha it has been pointed out to me that # of unicorn “deals” might mean # of investments (rounds), not necessarily #… 
\eileentso- so many questions here, but I’ll just start us off... 1. How did I miss this? 😂 2. Should we start raising Passion… 
\eileentso- TIL: “...under French law an employer is responsible for any accident occurring during a business trip... The posit… 
\eileentso- 2/2 (*) are C&amp;C Music Factory references officially too old? no one’s going to get that anymore, are they? 
\eileentso- 1/2 things that make you go hmmmm* (someone save him from himself??) 
\eileentso- Q: “Where do you come from?” Me: “I came from London” Q: “You live in London?” Me: “Yes” Q: “You were born there?”… 
\eileentso- what I look like trying not to laugh as I prepare to comment on something I really have no business commenting on..… 
\eileentso- .@OscarWGrut knows how to get me to click on a link/headline... 🧠 👀 @Monzo 
\eileentso- this has been my theory as well... was even brave enough to voice it on @bbcnews #BBCTheBriefing this morning 🎙🧐 
\eileentso- as I’m still in my last meeting of the day, thinking back on this morning and getting up at 0345 feels like a long… 
\eileentso- this happened again (just now)... I suppose I should be grateful it's only happened 2x in 5 months but it's just as… 
\eileentso- how could I forget/not highlight — plus shorts/trousers have *pockets* !!!! loving the initiative from this school… 
\eileentso- and don’t even get me started on skorts for PE/games or sports education... why not just shorts like they’d wear at… 
\eileentso- pretty obvs for a while (so why still a thing?): “A study conducted in one Australian primary school in 2012 found… 
\eileentso- that is exactly my question (I just ramble too much!) 😂 
\eileentso- reasonable approach in order to mitigate distinctions and to "let them choose" but how about just get rid of skirts… 
\eileentso- my thinking (worry) is that girls only "like" wearing dresses because they've been conditioned to think they "look… 
\eileentso- if compulsory, girls wouldn't ever have a fighting chance to develop the confidence, comfort in their own skin or t… 
\eileentso- stupid question alert (back to school week): why are skirts/dresses part of younger school girls' (nursery or prima… 
\eileentso- .@monzo tops the list for the third year in a row (2017, 2018, 2019) 🥇🥇🥇 
\eileentso- by my count 11 out of 25 = fintech 💪 
\eileentso- haha, what he said... 
\eileentso- terrific and also slightly terrifying rapid-fire Q&amp;A w/ @SarahRapp... and btw her date wasn’t -that- bad 😬 (haha no… 
\eileentso- further to my last tweet: Your masquerade I don't wanna be a part of your parade Everyone deserves a chance to Wa… 
\eileentso- I will persevere until I’m at least 70 yo if for no other reason than to see this... can not even begin to explain… 
\eileentso- can confirm: best office building ever 
\eileentso- if anyone else is awake I’ll be on @BBCNews @BBCWorld at 0510, 0540, 0610 (and 0640 replay), but hopefully not many… 
\eileentso- omg👇 
\eileentso- absolutely loved #fleabag live; such a privilege to watch #PhoebeWallerBridge irl! also in good company w/@justdemi… 
\eileentso- .@monzo joint card &gt; find my iPhone 
\eileentso- omfg (and I don’t care if this dates/ages me) 
\eileentso- love how what used to be described as anti-social, geek/nerd or even rude traits of mine can now be described as "millenial"😂🤟#trendsetter 
\eileentso- “Innovative, transparent, simple, easy, fair, open, helpful, honest, smart and caring. These are the top ten words… 
\eileentso- (totally geeked out and put the whole track on my Instagram stories if by any chance you love it as much as I did) 🤓🙃🤩 
\eileentso- loved seeing #peggygou #pleasuregardens today at #FinsburyPark — and genuinely can not get this @mariedavidsn “work… 
\eileentso- .@Framestore should check these guys (@thecritics001) out! 🎥🔥 /cc @FramestoreMike 
\eileentso- props to @olivershah for getting bae and fleek into @ST_Business this week 👊 #hipsterbroadsheet 
\eileentso- amazing 🙌 
\eileentso- great question — and why haven’t we done anything about this?? (almost how US lawmakers are [not] dealing with gun… 
\eileentso- "Ivanka 'really has no idea she’s privileged. She genuinely thinks she’s earned everything she has'."… 
\eileentso- 2/2 this level of transparency sets the team up for greater scrutiny and bad press — serves the company right up on… 
\eileentso- 1/2 obvs wish @Monzo never had problems (downtime) but if there’s ever been greater transparency or time taken to e… 
\eileentso- “A lot of companies are helping people better manage their money that don’t get nearly receive the same level of co… 
\eileentso- love this first ever touch in an NFL game from @ChristianWade3 🏈🇬🇧 
\eileentso- well.... “The Prime Minister plans to remove the cap on so-called tier one visas for highly skilled migrants” 👀 src: 
\eileentso- ie, @poly_ai’s proprietary intent detection model outperforms commercial intent detectors by a large margin, esp on… 
\eileentso- great corporate-startup partnership @ExperianB2B_UK @Cazana 🤝🚘💪 
\eileentso- great to join @flacqua @tomkeene @business @SarahRapp yesterday 🙏 looking fwd to chatting to Tom again tomorrow for… 
\eileentso- more California love 🕶☀️🥰 #lastpostofthedayIpromise @ Yosemite National Park 
\eileentso- California love 🇺🇸 @ San Francisco Bay Area 
\eileentso- so many terrific memories to choose from (yay for insta highlights!) Yosemite was as magical as ever 🏔🥾☀️💚 @ Yosemi… 
\eileentso- so many terrific memories to choose from (yay for insta highlights!) Yosemite was as magical as ever 🏔🥾☀️💚 @ Yosemi… 
\eileentso- massive congrats and big love to @adnanebrahim @gszedlak @autoalex @ethansmale and the whole damn @carthrottle crew… 
\eileentso- thank you Richard and to @SallyBundockBBC &amp; team for having me 🙂 #BBCTheBriefing #HappyMondayMorning #helpfuljetlag 
\eileentso- this is *such* a great piece on such an eye-roll of a topic/subject, brilliant writing by @hugorifkind 🙌 
\eileentso- now that’s a campaign promise... #gobigorgohome #justmakeshitup 
\eileentso- always funny to (and confounds) me that Dexys Midnight Runners’ one-hit wonder is one of the UK’s ‘patriotic’ anthe… 
\eileentso- "⁦@Monzo⁩ Bank &amp; ⁦@StarlingBank⁩ continue to lead the charge for the digital challenger banks w/ both seeing more n… 
\eileentso- “...the difference of course is that Matthew is white... (and he is actually from somewhere else)...” @Sathnam brea… 
\eileentso- great piece “Smashing glass ceilings and glass walls” incl @meganwheelerphd @gladys_ngetich by @hbriggs 
\eileentso- Theranos 💉 Japanese-style /via @cathcoste 
\eileentso- rock on #1 and #2 @monzo and @StarlingBank..."challengers" ftw (and btw when do we stop calling them challengers as… 
\eileentso- thanks Ian... but super sleepy today 😴😑 #friyay 
\eileentso- day-um 👀 
\eileentso- pretty sure he wouldn’t have it any other way but even with the v occasional PR/media mention @hirokitakeuchi is w/… 
\eileentso- ”Quietly and efficiently, the seed round is becoming the best value in private equity...” src… 
\eileentso- #fbf 5y ago on this day and in this week... 2014 feels like a lifetime ago 💭 @ London, United Kingdom 
\eileentso- this poor boy 💔 
\eileentso- jfc 
\eileentso- cool. 
\eileentso- good morning east coast USA 👋 
\eileentso- companies/CEOs can no longer be silent on social/political issues. customers &amp; employees want to know what they sta… 
\eileentso- a tale of two headlines, both from yesterday: one from @Ian_Fraser @thetimes and another fr… 
\eileentso- the replies to this... 🙌 
\eileentso- since I prob tweet/highlight too much about events and not enough about day to day work, tasks and thoughts... FYI… 
\eileentso- couple of ppl have now sent me this tweet... recalling that 4y ago I quote-tweeted similar and also called out the… 
\eileentso- twitter sees me... next I’ll be seeing more milkshakes 
\eileentso- #selfcare 
\eileentso- seriously though... no. 
\eileentso- no better motivation than proving people wrong... in other words, hell no 👉 “The company will have to transform int… 
\eileentso- so this is how the first @monzoUSA 1k signups (within first 2h of media embargo lift) was distributed across the US… 
\eileentso- great to be here 5y on (still remember the first one like it was yesterday!) and to see @thulme @scoutu… 
\eileentso- thank god nothing about that wedding ruined by the bank holiday change... or Trump! 🙄😐🙃 
\eileentso- current status: frantically googling on my phone... 📺 😬🤞 
\eileentso- why is this news? 🙄 #grumpyoldlady 
\eileentso- 👀🔥 
\eileentso- one of those weeks when the ability/confidence to wear tracksuit bottoms (sweatpants) to the office would have resu… 
\eileentso- "...because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected..." 👀 #whosgonnatellhim 
\eileentso- always a pleasure joining @flacqua @SarahRapp &amp; team; on-air around 0915 BST 📺 
\eileentso- didn’t say I was ok with people throwing milkshakes on my face on the grounds of me being a public figure (or that… 
\eileentso- great to join @BenMBland this morning 🙂 even though @SallyBundockBBC was missed and that I had to talk 2x re Trump… 
\eileentso- amazing day for the most amazing couple who always bring light, love and laughter to any party... but saved the bes… 
\eileentso- so much to love about this, but highlight for me is that “many hundreds” of employees/team members benefitted by ca… 
\eileentso- not a big drinker (no, for real)... but these days after every meeting I attend in Whitehall I feel like I desperat… 
\eileentso- further to this tweet, I can not wait until all the 20- and 30-something ig influencers hit the point where their m… 
\eileentso- thread. 
\eileentso- I am so late to this but it's so good that I'll take the shame-hit to share w/others who missed it too (you don't h… 
\eileentso- tickled by this trend and think well done to the “perpetrators” but tbh don’t get the big deal... why not just take… 
\eileentso- and there it is... 2 million customers (screen grab was 5 mins before midnight): 4 years to the day of their first… 
\eileentso- great thread 👇 
\eileentso- at this rate @monzo customer count would hit 2,000,000 before 11 pm tonight... although I assume it’ll slow down in… 
\eileentso- 1 ticked off, 1 still on its way... 
\eileentso- who knows how far @monzo will go (feels like pretty darn far if you ask me!) but no matter what, it’s already been… 
\eileentso- with @monzo ~1 day away (or less) from hitting 2,000,000 customers, it was exactly 4y ago to the hour that I posted… 
\eileentso- a slowing metabolism sucks rocks... esp given how much I like food #damnit #grumpyoldlady 
\eileentso- ICYMI: “@TideBanking has committed to supporting 100,000 female-led businesses by the end of 2023... Since launchin… 
\eileentso- belated congrats to team @adzuna 🏆 along with @DWPDigital a case study in public-private sector partnership, delive… 
\eileentso- I hope these are real because they are amazing 
\eileentso- I stayed awake for that...? 👀 #MadonnaEurovision (ok, seeing Gal Gadot might make up for it) 
\eileentso- 💛 this team and all they do for UK founders, startups and scale-ups 💛 
\eileentso- missed this from last year, but absolutely brilliant by @BrigidWD, with Fran Lebowitz and indeed this is the best q… 
\eileentso- so many great things in this article about Keanu Reeves but @HadleyFreeman’s writing makes it so relatable... resul… 
\eileentso- If you’re always thinking carefully about how people will feel, you’re on the right track. 👍" -@monzo Tone of Voice… 
\eileentso- “Whose idea was it to hire Nick Clegg?”... “With Instagram Checkout does it make Facebook a competitor to Amazon?”… 
\eileentso- TIL: Amazon issued more than $1 billion in loans to merchants in 2018 👀 
\eileentso- wrt my last tweet: “Cybercrime Surges in 2018, Causing $2.7 Billion in Losses” by ⁦@pseudohvr⁩ @digitalshadows⁩ via… 
\eileentso- so many organisations have been breached or have data leakage and just don’t know it (and need @digitalshadows). co… 
\eileentso- shouldn't try to tweet when I'm speechless, but just finished Knock Down the House @knockdownmovie @netflix and I a… 
\eileentso- A: Yes 👍 
\eileentso- excuse me 1 sec, something in my eye... 🖤 /via @tpowell1985 
\eileentso- “Technology is a bright spot for British economy” by the @FT editorial board via @robinklein 
\eileentso- wow wow wow. suddenly our super random weekend break in Madrid to see old friends visiting from the US over 31 May… 
\eileentso- hard for me to believe the first Apple Stores opened 18 years ago 
\eileentso- so much ❤️💙 for this.. 💫 
\eileentso- brilliant to have @SkyBetRichard joining the board of @ButternutBox to support @DaveNolan9 @kevingglynn and team go… 
\eileentso- NPS +89 #micdropinawordandnumber 
\eileentso- wrt my last tweet, seems this one’s not sponsored either; loving this trend and these headlines: “Should traditiona… 
\eileentso- apparently I was the third person today to ask @trstnthms if this is a sponsored piece... remarkably the answer is… 
\eileentso- well done team @tray! 6 years ago we invested alongside accelerators which have since come/gone (Springboard, FIG)… 
\eileentso- good to see @BBCNews covering more and more tech and including strong tech entrepreneurs on air; so great to catch-… 
\eileentso- thanks @BankABC_News @kkmchong @Investec @hellochowders @500Startups @AmadeusCapital @aarong22 @generalatlantic… 
\eileentso- had the pleasure of being seated next to Paul at a dinner 6y ago and wish I’d had a pen/notebook to write down much… 
\eileentso- wow. taking a tough stance: #smh 
\eileentso- I just can’t my head around this... more than 270 people (?!) 😯😔 
\eileentso- speaking shortly on @BloombergTV Surveillance re quarterly results/expectations for Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, Te… 
\eileentso- ICYMI yesterday (best 1-liner from all the Amazon round-ups): "For competitors, the only thing scarier than an Amaz… 
\eileentso- for my friends in the US, Series 2 drops on Amazon @PrimeVideo on May 17th and you just have to. best thing ever… 
\eileentso- finally brought myself to watch the series finale of @fleabag... I’d put it off for this many weeks because I didn’… 
\eileentso- maybe I’m late to this, but I heard the word(?) “solutionise” used in a meeting today for the first time and I can’t quite... anything 🙉 
\eileentso- only team @monzo can make me giddy for plastic cards 💙🖤🧡 
\eileentso- only halfway through #Homecoming and... wow 😮🤯🖤 
\eileentso- a lot of people in denial because this figure should be much higher: “More than a third of people in the UK believe… 
\eileentso- great thread (this is only part 11)👇 
\eileentso- #tbt 📸 #bts shot at home of @benedict_evans for @wireduk June 2019 issue; honoured to have been included in this is… 
\eileentso- YES!!! 👏👏👏👏👏👏 
\eileentso- 🐯🏌🏾‍♂️🤞 
\eileentso- TIL “anticipated reproach” = if one does a moral action (eg feminists, vegetarians, philanthropists), we subconscio… 
\eileentso- I know I should look at the positives, specifically Hawaiian shirt guy is the shit 👏🤗🤙💛 but the lady at Starbucks a… 
\eileentso- looking at the replies to the BBC post I just shouldn’t have tweeted. fwiw my point was genuine amazement that the… 
\eileentso- can’t believe they did this, given the reaction to Dolce &amp; Gabbana’s mis-step just months ago 🤦🏻‍♀️ (that said I su… 
\eileentso- discussing the newspapers on #BBCTheBriefing shortly, and I’ve never had to come up with more Brexit chit chat (erm… 
\eileentso- .@SallyBundockBBC is on a well deserved holiday, but I’m looking forward to joining Maryam this morning… 
\eileentso- this is me... still holding out because I’m weak #Fleabag2 
\eileentso- perfect. 
\eileentso- so annoying she didn’t kill her... like any of the million times she had a bonafide chance to do it... including ob… 
\eileentso- also, kenny giving up dirt on his own mother?? really?? 
\eileentso- ok the scene at the beginning of episode 6 when Nico tells Eve off and asks her if she wants to go down on herself… 
\eileentso- I’m now slightly offended by all the times random people said I reminded them of Eve’s character 😂 #shebugs 
\eileentso- ok seriously. ffs the end of episode 4 and start of episode 5 is the absolute worst (when she gets out of the car).… 
\eileentso- finally watching #killingeve first season (up to episode 4) because everyone’s raved so much, but don’t @me b/c I t… 
\eileentso- still haven’t heard of #KPOP?👇 Fastest to reach 100M YouTube views: 1 #BLACKPINK #KillThisLove - 2d 14h 13m (as o… 
\eileentso- the @replies to this 🤣 
\eileentso- stay for the “short” post-“credits” #awww 🧡 
\eileentso- wish this had sound... 🕷/via @christinelu 
\eileentso- this whole family is just all 🥰but the youngest who just wants to see everything/dance himself the whole time is th… 
\eileentso- yes, BBC-produced but season 1 seems to be avail in US on Amazon Prime. season 2 has 1 more episode to come here in… 
\eileentso- UK: Fleabag US: Crazy Ex-Girlfriend...? 🤨 
\eileentso- 🙏 thank you to @benjrooney with whom I first had the pleasure to work/collaborate almost 10 years ago... and all of… 
\eileentso- fascinating: lie detectors fail (don’t pick up lies) when ppl have good intentions (eg for charity) because they do… 
\eileentso- update: thanks twitter, YouTube wins (for now) 
\eileentso- how can I watch this in the UK ??? #prettyplease 
\eileentso- handy thread👇 
\eileentso- I can't cope 😢 
\eileentso- attendee-reported highlights from keynotes I gave this week = calling out the organisers/hosts: first when I was su… 
\eileentso- a trend I am loving (lab diamonds) 💎 "of 1,000 consumers aged 21-40 yrs old, half of which had household incomes of… 
\eileentso- it’s like he had the same media training as Theresa May 
\eileentso- so @BBCiPlayer recommended and auto-played Octonauts immediately after Fleabag S2 E5... which is more than just a l… 
\eileentso- really enjoyed speaking at this #hsbc event today, so I’m spreading the corporate-love via all the approved hashtag… 
\eileentso- ahh since this tweet was also deleted 
\eileentso- superhero for life💥💫🦸🏻‍♀️❤️💛💙 @ Highgate 
\eileentso- just fwiw since the tweet has been deleted 
\eileentso- super proud of all of my children (and incredibly grateful for their good health!) 👍 ...thanks for asking that too 
\eileentso- didn’t have 5 children “of my own”, have also tried/pursued adoption and not sure how it’s any of your business but… 
\eileentso- loving what @angiecthomas is saying to @stephensackur @BBCHARDtalk: “I write the stories that kids need to hear” (b… 
\eileentso- this view tho... hi London town 👋 
\eileentso- so not a morning person #wakeywakey #goodmorning 
\eileentso- this thread... 
\eileentso- great to be back here (it’s been too long!)... looking forward to joining @flacqua @tomkeene shortly on… 
\eileentso- I even said it was Friday in an earlier tweet 🤡 
\eileentso- omg he's right!! this makes everything even better ! (might watch back to back a third time now!) 🤣#thursyay 
\eileentso- and yes, this is absolutely the best way to spend a Friday night 🙏 #Fleabag2 
\eileentso- and this... 
\eileentso- and this... 
\eileentso- and it wasn't just me... twitter loved... 
\eileentso- I missed this last week and just watched S2 E3 and E4 back to back... and then re-watched both all over again becau… 
\eileentso- one of the clearest definitions of “white privilege” that I’ve come across (typo aside!) src:… 
\eileentso- as usual, @riptari breaks it all down with all you need to know re #Article11 #Article13 
\eileentso- wdyt? might be too early in the day for me to articulate an opinion on air 😂 but looking forward to joining… 
\eileentso- sorry, what year is it again? “The league said "there's nothing we can do to overturn the decisions"“ #ffs 🤔🤦🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- 🌅🙏 #medicalcannabis 
\eileentso- absolutely yes 
\eileentso- .@passioncapital (UK based) parental/family leave = 52 weeks leave, 16 at full £ pay, 16 at 50%, 16 at statutory ra… 
\eileentso- thanks @OliverSmithEU for having me; always a pleasure to sit alongside @zopagiles #AltFiLondon 
\eileentso- 👏 
\eileentso- not all heroes wear capes 
\eileentso- ideally in a single tweet, no thread please #shortandsweet 
\eileentso- after attending #TechPlayMaker awards this evening while something was happening in Parliament means I get to use… 
\eileentso- tonight’s highlight was meeting all of these incredible ladies who all moved here to add value and contribute to ou… 
\eileentso- literally just pulled a Steve Harvey or Lalaland moment and no joke announced the wrong name as a category winner o… 
\eileentso- so just the US now...? @FAANews @SouthwestAir @AmericanAir @united ✈️ 
\eileentso- hate that this used to happen: both that customers were mis-treated and also that colleagues were incentivised and… 
\eileentso- PSA: save yourself ~30 mins and don’t bother trying to work out why Renee was trending in the UK (or if you really… 
\eileentso- if this doesn’t brighten your Monday morning you’re made of stone 🙃 h/t @tpowell1985 
\eileentso- strong tips from a great set of business leaders... who happen to be women 💪👏 
\eileentso- Michelle Yeoh is the shit 💥⚡️💛 
\eileentso- 🥢🥟💛 
\eileentso- well done @alexberesfordTV 👏 (smh at that “panel”) 
\eileentso- what could possibly go wrong... 
\eileentso- absolutely loved S2 E1. genius. 💋 
\eileentso- well done to these 13-14yo kids... 👏💪 “Grouse Mountain chairlift rescue caught on camera | Watch News Videos Online… 
\eileentso- is this a parody account? 🤦🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- nice 
\eileentso- another story that’s been a long time coming 👀 
\eileentso- .@paulrippon1 handling alpacas like he does regulator requests 😆🤭💪 
\eileentso- nice closing (silver lining): "Extra Crunch will be hosting a series of dialogues around tech ethics in the coming… 
\eileentso- great company to keep... it’s been truly gratifying to watch the fintech ecosystem grow over the last decade 
\eileentso- highlight of today’s roundtable for me was seeing @thecoolgeek’s super cool @Citymapper debit card 💚👨‍🚀 
\eileentso- thanks @MayorofLondon @SadiqKhan @RajeshAgrawal @janetcoyle2 @juleschappellUK @L_Pbusiness @thecoolgeek for conveni… 
\eileentso- 👀 
\eileentso- could not be more excited about the @limejump acquisition by @shell — and this next stage of the company’s journey💥… 
\eileentso- congratulations @AlexandraCChong @HIJACK @tpowell1985 et al for literally launching out of those starting blocks wi… 
\eileentso- fantastic gift from Monzo co-investor Sir Michael Moritz &amp; Harriet Heyman through their charitable organisation Cra… 
\eileentso- great to be part of this powerhouse panel w/the brilliant Andrea Auerbach of Cambridge Associates, Pamela Hendricks… 
\eileentso- step 1: stop thinking of it as “IT”. online service capability and delivery is the product and fundamental to the business 
\eileentso- in the last 9 months of 2018, Barclays online banking had 41 “IT-related shutdowns” and Lloyds had 37, ie more than… 
\eileentso- in the last 9 months of 2018, Barclays online banking had 41 “IT-related shutdowns” and Lloyds had 37, ie more than… 
\eileentso- if you're not going to be hyped (or proud) enough to shout about who your investors are... maybe don't take that investment 
\eileentso- people who don’t correct overly (or simply untrue) flattering statements about them or credited to them... 🤔 
\eileentso- I give up (again)... literally don’t even follow the train of thought #smh 
\eileentso- finally blocked someone for the very first time... bums me out a bit tbh 😔 #tooidealistic 
\eileentso- congratulations to all @TideBanking @clear_bank @StarlingBank @Metro_Bank 👏👏👏 amazing remedy/initiative by the UK t… 
\eileentso- #happyhalfterm ☀️❄️ @ Val-d'Isère 
\eileentso- pulled an all-nighter last night for the first time in a while... (just managed to grab a nap 0930-1030 this mornin… 
\eileentso- cheers @adnanebrahim and team @CarThrottle for being up so early and grabbing a snap of the QOTD: “...just how diso… 
\eileentso- if I’m up before 4 am that must mean I’m getting ready to join @SallyBundockBBC for #BBCTheBriefing again (always a… 
\eileentso- .@TideBanking "now has 60,000 customers and is rapidly approaching the scale of traditional challengers such as TSB… 
\eileentso- (and that's my 2019 allowance for DM pointers) 😬 
\eileentso- 👏 also to @PROWLER_IO (and @Onfido too!) for being included @CBinsights World’s Top 100 AI companies 
\eileentso- thank you @skempleton for calling this out... and sorry for all the grief you’ve been getting 🙏 /cc @LetToysBeToys… 
\eileentso- perfect clickbait/title for me 👍 “Legacy banks are fighting back against the Monzo insurrection” by @SciTech_Cat… 
\eileentso- gorgeous 🧡🍔 
\eileentso- ICYMI (and are a UK fintech): £5 million grants (x5) up for grabs w/application deadline 30th April and June decisi… 
\eileentso- in the last 8 years we’ve worked on 2 startups together, both found new partners and collectively given birth to 3… 
\eileentso- loved exploring The (gorgeous) Baths #bvi @ The Baths, Devils Bay Virgin Gorda, BVI 
\eileentso- from the US to France to the UK to Malta... to Switzerland ✈️🙈 
\eileentso- “3 pillars–product, economic &amp; social–hold up our biz model vision: sustainable corporate concept of “linked prospe… 
\eileentso- I’ve no idea about their funding plans but @onfido co-founded by @eamonjubbawy @HusaynKassai and Ruhul Amin will fo… 
\eileentso- great @FortuneMagazine profile of Brendan Kennedy #TLRY... love his approach, early bet on/leverage of Leafly, data… 
\eileentso- amazing 🤣🐷💛 
\eileentso- my heart bleeds: "Fyre Festival: Ja Rule says he was scammed by Billy McFarland too" 
\eileentso- makes a lot of sense to me. side note: w/so many emerging within and others racing to US, imho it’s going to be a b… 
\eileentso- “cyber-flashing” on the tube... 🙈 
\eileentso- imho all women in their 20’s-30’s should take the opportunity to freeze their eggs if they can #optionality 
\eileentso- finally got to listen to @profgalloway @karaswisher podcast Pivot (two ppl I have the biggest tech/biz-crushes on)… 
\eileentso- cheekily dropped in for an unscheduled visit/peek @TeamKnowhowUK Sheffield contact centre (1300 colleagues incl tel… 
\eileentso- attended my first @DixonsCarphone board meeting this past week; mind-blowing and surprisingly exciting (!) getting… 
\eileentso- this was too good... felt v lucky to witness the work in progress last night (and already have some guesses as to w… 
\eileentso- genuine, with a conscience and call to action or just trying to appeal to the women who hold consumer buying power?… 
\eileentso- just played around a bit with Facetune 2 for the first time and my mind is most definitely blown 🤯 
\eileentso- so well written by @jemimajoanna “If technology is everywhere, the tech sector no longer exists” ...imho just like… 
\eileentso- from 2013 but so so so good: "Outside board member don'ts" section is a must-read from "You shouldn’t be bored at a… 
\eileentso- 2019's first PSA (bringing up an article from 2017) 
\eileentso- jumping (early) into the first work Monday of 2019 🤓📺 
\eileentso- wish we could watch or even stream #SurvivingRKelly here in the UK... but scrolling through the hashtag and watchin… 
\eileentso- started reading @TechNation’s Upscale by James Silver over the break and chapter 1 with @gregmarsh is *so* good...… 
\eileentso- deadline this Sunday for nominations for @bookingcom's 2019 Technology Playmaker Awards (7 categories)… 
\eileentso- my 2019 prediction for business leaders... social/policy engagement is going to become non-negotiable... ‘no commen… 
\eileentso- is this for real?? 😑 #wtaf #hny 
\eileentso- roll on 2019... 💫 #hny @ Tower of London Ice Rink 
\eileentso- the App Store features @monzo in its “2018 Year in Apps” 💫 h/t @rodolfor 
\eileentso- in other news, amazingly I’m (still?) one of the four admins of the closed Skype Alumni fb group (I’ll prob get blo… 
\eileentso- serious lolz at my 2018 Strava year in review... tldr: I peaked in January 🤣 (on the upside, 2019 can’t possibly be… 
\eileentso- exactly how I’ll end up in 2019 
\eileentso- 👀😏 
\eileentso- the best 🤣 
\eileentso- this story and this man’s deeds are remarkable: “"Be the angel you hope to meet."” 👼🏼💛 
\eileentso- good fun recording year-end episode of @BBCTechTent w/@benwood @tabithagold and graciously hosted as always by… 
\eileentso- wouldn’t this be ideal for babies? 
\eileentso- thanks so much @balderton @LauraConnell18 for letting me ramble on and share stories 🙏 
\eileentso- Early Santa sightings in Yorkshire... ❄️🎅🎄❤️ @ Dinnington, South Yorkshire 
\eileentso- congrats @Dr_Black @aimafidon et al...! 💪💛 “We close out the year with the Top 50 tech Moguls, Founders, Engineers… 
\eileentso- maybe the PM (or her peeps) organised the last few letters and this evening's no confidence vote... as a way to ens… 
\eileentso- this needs no comment, and yet... 
\eileentso- further ex of why HMT/UK policymakers work so hard for competition &amp; innovation in financial svcs/banking and chall… 
\eileentso- “You can’t meet someone more junior to you in a bar on a Friday eve after work and assume she/he is attracted to yo… 
\eileentso- Repost/regram* because the queue really was worth it — as was getting carded (managed to just about talk the doorma… 
\eileentso- really enjoyed @archer_street soho this eve, but literally no worse words to greet me than “we don’t take @monzo ca… 
\eileentso- great lessons learned, incl crisis comms 👉 knowing when to lay low 
\eileentso- now we’ve got “both sides of the science” 🤦🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- dexy’s midnight runners, so I had to... but at least I dragged @giulianosison with me! (all while I was in denial a… 
\eileentso- 2018 #passionxmas ...thank you @passioncapital @StefanGlaenzer @robertdighero 🙏 #9yearson 
\eileentso- work and werk party 2018 #passionxmas @ PULSE London 
\eileentso- x70 companies = 560 people strong 💪 such a privilege and honour to work with each and every one of the 3,000 people… 
\eileentso- methinks there could be some monzonautic celebrations at the #passionxmas party later this evening... and deservedl… 
\eileentso- omg 
\eileentso- DISCLOSURE: I'm an investor director on the board obo @passioncapital which holds a large minority stake (ie, I hav… 
\eileentso- pretty sure this isn’t going to last 6 days more 
\eileentso- I hope someone's getting a gif of the @monzo crowdfunding bar/tracker on ... only 7 mins af… 
\eileentso- well for once we agree! as I most definitely said in 2014 (thanks for digging up the link), investors would still b… 
\eileentso- 😂 it’s a greeting... like saying “good morning” (exactly like that, come to think of it!) and I’m ok if you don’t w… 
\eileentso- reading an interview write-up can be as cringe as listening to your own voice but thanks to @Broom_Cupboard… 
\eileentso- another happy monday morning as I set off to join Sally et al @BBCWorld #BBCTheBriefing 📺 
\eileentso- ‘tis the season ❤️🎄#annualtimelapse @ London, United Kingdom 
\eileentso- increasingly faster matches 😳 “12-draw series in London makes it one of the most fiercely contested in history...”… 
\eileentso- same. 
\eileentso- “Born from the belief that things should be better...” @monzo announces crowdfunding about the size of an average t… 
\eileentso- ICYMI: In the first half of 2018, eight tech companies floated on @LSEGplc AIM raising an average of £24 million ea… 
\eileentso- .@hugocornejo talking about that hot coral colour has come to define @Monzo Bank: by @njkobie 
\eileentso- “We may not get Uncle John to change his views, but silence in the face of bigotry is acquiescence... Being silent… 
\eileentso- another vote for @Emmabarnett 🙋🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- 😢😤😔 
\eileentso- 
\eileentso- when one of your portfolio companies is leading the way... in so many ways 👏 
\eileentso- always a pleasure to gab w/ @dhebel. after all, we may never have started @passioncapital if I hadn't had the ventu… 
\eileentso- can not wait for Aaron Sorkin to write the sequel to “The Social Network” and also to see who’s cast as Sheryl... c… 
\eileentso- UK fintech leading the way (creating the template) as per @nytimes "But fast-growing online banks in Britain like… 
\eileentso- 🙈🙊❣️ 
\eileentso- "Here's how Sequoia Capital got to $100B in exits this year" via @hkanji 
\eileentso- as they should... 
\eileentso- you could probably find 7 out of 860k who left their jobs because of a hangnail 
\eileentso- there must be so many more esp people who fully vested their first ESOP grants... but that aside, wtf 7 (!?) out of… 
\eileentso- seemed like a v sensible and good idea to come straight to work @whitebearyard from BBC Broadcasting House (at my d… 
\eileentso- .@SallyBundockBBC’s mental faculties in the early morning put me to shame (as I couldn’t even put a sentence togeth… 
\eileentso- TIL I really trip over a lot of words when trying to stitch sentences together on TV before 6 am 
\eileentso- actually still feels like sunday night but @BBCWorld News = 24/7 
\eileentso- happy monday morning 🌄 
\eileentso- #truth 
\eileentso- also lost my passport today in Amsterdam... Uber driver is pleasantly chilled about driving 3.5h (@tpowell1985 pret… 
\eileentso- got asked today in Amsterdam if I speak English... guess that shouldn’t surprise me and isn’t unreasonable (I guess… 
\eileentso- wrt my last tweet, I could be the worst @dixonscarphone board member ever as I've never even heard of any of these… 
\eileentso- super excited to join @dixonscarphone board: 42k employees in 8 countries and YoY growth in all of its markets =&gt; E… 
\eileentso- another event I'm looking forward to next week: Female Financial Dialogue on Tuesday evening... can't wait to see w… 
\eileentso- ironically I'll have little to no practical advice since I'm sure I wouldn't ever have been hired by a VC firm -- a… 
\eileentso- Alibaba hit a record $1bn in sales in 85 seconds, and then just shy of $10bn in the first hour of the 24-hour spree… 
\eileentso- so much to love about this, but my favourite = “it’s not tough love, it’s not... you don’t get a medal for not doin… 
\eileentso- I know I'm weird, but I re-read this every couple of months in light of the UK retail sector (and btw that guy "Bry… 
\eileentso- nice PSA 
\eileentso- oops forgot to properly thread a few tweets #disaster 
\eileentso- 3/3 from a different survey @nytimes: “84 percent expect CEOs to inform conversations and policy debates on one or… 
\eileentso- 2/3: 72% agreed that "I expect the CEOs of brands I support to use social media to address the key social issues of… 
\eileentso- 1/3 this has been a big theme in recent keynotes of mine: "CEOs are now expected to speak up about cultural issues… 
\eileentso- didn't feel the movie was as good as the book (which I thought was abs amazing) but this makes me respect the movie… 
\eileentso- 2/2: "...there is no quick way around society’s belief that deep voices convey authority; men have been more powerf… 
\eileentso- 1/2: "Women seem to be damned whatever they do. Speak loudly and they are deemed shrill; speak softly and they are… 
\eileentso- .@nested "historical valuation accuracy is on avg w/in 1.5% of what company predicted. Better still, Nested is runn… 
\eileentso- .@nested "historical valuation accuracy is on avg w/in 1.5% of what company predicted. Better still, Nested is runn… 
\eileentso- again, reinforcing basis for my q. suggesting we can just change the meaning of a song sung by slaves who looked fw… 
\eileentso- um, that’s mostly the basis of my surprise (and question of why not pick a different song). imho no one has the rig… 
\eileentso- “If it's 'only a song', why not pick another?” src: “I used to enjoy singing 'Swing Low, Sweet Chariot' – but when… 
\eileentso- glad it’s nice and comfy in your bubble where you have the luxury of not knowing and not caring about the origins o… 
\eileentso- 2018 
\eileentso- amazing game, but I can not get my head around why tens of thousands of predominantly white English fans continue t… 
\eileentso- fairly excited whilst en route to Twickenham 🏉🚆#ENGvNZL #hrfc @hampsteadrugby 
\eileentso- 🥇👏🎉👍 
\eileentso- 
\eileentso- pretty sure it’s a reprint of an old interview but as long as you have sick bag at the ready, I’ll talk UK tech all… 
\eileentso- Q&amp;A w/@DominicRaab moderated by @gerardgrech to start any minute now; being live streamed👇#DExEU 
\eileentso- thank you to Secretary of State @DExEUgov @DominicRaab for taking time in such a critical week to speak with the te… 
\eileentso- great work by @hmtreasury Fintech Delivery Panel working group led by @MattB_James et al; thanks also to @gregpmich… 
\eileentso- things I’ve witnessed, firsthand accounts I’ve been told over the years... someone in PR said to me a few weeks ago… 
\eileentso- tfw you’re still waiting for more names to drop in light of #metoo and esp now that workplace bullying is also fina… 
\eileentso- tremendous privilege to speak @RollsRoyce #RRSTEM #RRSciencePrize 2018 Awards ceremony; massive congrats to the win… 
\eileentso- fk off ig 
\eileentso- fireworks and football 🎇⚽️ ... just another saturday evening in north london #crisscrossingthrutown… 
\eileentso- #thug 
\eileentso- love it; @t_blom nailed it on @BBCr4today this morning 
\eileentso- screengrab or screen grab? 
\eileentso- too kind b/c I’ve just been lucky enough to tag along for the ride 🚀 all congrats to @t_blom @jonas and all of the… 
\eileentso- I had this same role at GTE Mobilnet and always loved the meetings at #GeneralMagic offices... before I subsequentl… 
\eileentso- seems I’m having trouble reading any news these days... #Honduras 🇭🇳💙🇲🇽❤️🇺🇸 
\eileentso- late to this, but I couldn't agree more: @romanovsun is exactly what the profession needs more of. her ousting show… 
\eileentso- but ofc Trump finds their current explanation credible so there you go (guess the bone saw was just a coincidence) 
\eileentso- ref original video at top of this thread... 🤦🏻‍♀️ 🐋 💫 
\eileentso- 👀 💪 
\eileentso- $45 billion from fb could help anyone “ascend”... but fair play to her goals and life-long intention/motives 
\eileentso- makes me sick to my stomach 🤯😡😔 
\eileentso- who actually wants this?? 👀 via @yoda 
\eileentso- no one works harder than @KentuckyChang, who along with co-founder @missuze and the whole @mavenclinic team, is ser… 
\eileentso- thanks for having me @DNB_Bank ! loved catching a glimpse of and contributing to #OIW2018 #dnbnxt 
\eileentso- #284 for me, but a little bummed I'm not in first 25, 50 or even 100, 200! 🤨 (wonder who's got that screengrab of "… 
\eileentso- #coyg ⚽️❤️ @ Emirates Stadium of Arsenal, North London 
\eileentso- “The deals are won not by the highest bidder but by the right reputation.” src: The Persistent Effect Of Initial Su… 
\eileentso- friends. food. fast. fun. #singaporegp 💋 @ Singapore 
\eileentso- beautiful sights in Singapore 🇸🇬🏎🥢🥂🍣🥣💛#singaporegp @ Marina Bay Sands 
\eileentso- been thinking about this a lot lately after being invited to a Bollywood party... “Whose problem is cultural approp… 
\eileentso- 😞 that this happened at all... 
\eileentso- thanks for having me; apols I could talk all day (oops!) great to hear about the corporate initiatives at… 
\eileentso- big love to @jermyap @megumiikeda for organising the best VC gathering of the year... for an advance screening of… 
\eileentso- this thread says it all 🎾 #SerenaWilliams 
\eileentso- super excited about this new @technation programme... all 20 companies joining are further detailed in the thread..… 
\eileentso- #throwback 
\eileentso- interesting that the three critical voices here are all men (ages 59, 60 and 61). regardless of age, if someone tri… 
\eileentso- ‘“Being irresponsible is not neutral," Smith says. "When you're irresponsible, someone becomes responsible for what… 
\eileentso- what a programme this has become; great support of entrepreneurship from @TheDukeOfYork’s team 👏 
\eileentso- thread 🧡 
\eileentso- waiting for the @CarThrottle review/test drive 🏎 
\eileentso- not just 1, but 2 amazing links/posts here. first re property by property performance and second re diversity &amp; inc… 
\eileentso- two eye-catching and noteworthy news items by @RosamundUrwin in today’s @thesundaytimes re @StarlingBank and… 
\eileentso- kind of agree but would ideally always want/try to meet all the co-founders before agreeing a term sheet 
\eileentso- nice long read about @TripAdvisor where “200 new posts are uploaded every minute” 😮 by @lindakinstler @gdnlongread… 
\eileentso- “The trend line is clear. There’s never been a better time to start a company &amp; raise early stage VC in Europe... L… 
\eileentso- missed this from last month: US app @BusyKid16 data from 10,000 families over 1yr shows parents give girls avg $6.7… 
\eileentso- hallelujah (and if only) 
\eileentso- if like me, this came up in your timeline a few times but you didn’t have time to click/watch the whole vid, do it… 
\eileentso- a lot of replies saying “kids” here... fwiw kids didn’t transform me into a morning person, just transformed me int… 
\eileentso- I’ve always been a closet petrolhead, but that’s not the only reason I’ve been a huge fan of @adnanebrahim and team… 
\eileentso- first answer = all the John Hughes’ movie references !!! 🤓#eighties 
\eileentso- .@tpowell1985 doesn’t get why I’m still watching (and crying!) but that’s ok 🤣🤷🏻‍♀️🤓💛 
\eileentso- highest paid female FTSE100 CEO Emma Walmsley of @GSK (Britain’s third largest company) last year earned ~10% (!!)… 
\eileentso- no doubt in my mind that much more will be written about these three co-founders @hirokitakeuchi @mattjackrob… 
\eileentso- this is gross (of the whole coalition not just the US) 
\eileentso- binge watched first three (four?) episodes... gotta love Pep @PepTeam 
\eileentso- hating the new Gmail interface (yes I'm v old and clearly v grumpy) 
\eileentso- 😧 the things I miss when I don’t check Twitter for 2h... 😱🍩🍩🍩🤗 
\eileentso- “results were described as jaw-dropping”; congrats @DeepMind_Health @Moorfields re AI + computer vision for detecti… 
\eileentso- was a privilege to write this week’s @thesundaytimes “Animal Spirits” in @LukeJohnsonRCP’s absence. tldr: go read “… 
\eileentso- 😑🤯☹️ via @SandraLyness 
\eileentso- I know I know I know, I really shouldn’t reply to negative comments/@mentions but what if they’re well meaning and… 
\eileentso- thanks @cjmcgoogan for the profile (shows how much I can ramble!) 
\eileentso- also where @TransferWise, @stripe Europe, @BuzzFeedUK and @twilio EMEA all started too! 
\eileentso- late to this, but just finished reading “Bad Blood: Secrets and Lies in a Silicon Valley Startup”... and wow such a… 
\eileentso- thanks for listening on a peaceful Sunday afternoon... ☀️📻👩🏻‍💻🎤 
\eileentso- smh, I must be missing something... how is #shreyasroyal not the definition of exceptional talent? 
\eileentso- talking “big tech” (and whether or not the companies have become too big) in a few mins on @BBCRadio4; supported by… 
\eileentso- great case study and market leadership for fintech+bank collaboration; congrats @MarketInvoice @barclays… 
\eileentso- “There is an exciting shift in tech, as well as the wider investment industry, towards an approach that combines bo… 
\eileentso- on a hen do in Bristol... not age appropriate (for me) 🙈🙊🙉 
\eileentso- so glad to read this... it’s about time: BBC News - Medicinal cannabis products to be legalised 
\eileentso- “so did they have an Apple store here (on campus) when you worked here?... what’d they even sell back then?” #infiniteloop #oldskool 👩🏻‍💻 
\eileentso- when a media training session goes wrong... (also when no amount of media training can hide your racism) 
\eileentso- big. via @teroterotero 
\eileentso- this can’t be real 😡 
\eileentso- thanks to the 20+ VCs (and @Indieboyer for all the arrangements) for today’s Fintech Delivery Panel open office hou… 
\eileentso- Secret In-N-Out pop-up comes to London for one day only 
\eileentso- PSA: In-N-Out Burger is running a pop-up at the Carob Tree in Highgate today via @MetroUK 
\eileentso- 
\eileentso- omfg... this is not a drill and it’s not a dream #InNOutBurger in Highgate (Parliament Hill) NW5 1QX ...only until… 
\eileentso- last chance to get a slot and on the wait list... cc @technation @hmtreasury @InnFin 
\eileentso- crazy sad and infuriating 😡what is happening to America? 
\eileentso- summer days when you can go with #nofilter ☀️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🇬🇧❣️#lulworthcove #durdledoor #jurassiccoast #roadtrip @ Lulwor… 
\eileentso- calm before the storm @camdenmarket 🔥☀️🔥☀️🔥 #ENGSWE 
\eileentso- another story re @FanDuel with more details by @MagsTaylorHT 
\eileentso- wow... the payouts for new execs and dissing of the @FanDuel founders and employees is awful 
\eileentso- enquiry received from a diligent journalist attached... answer for any other journalist/media queries = Q1: “no”; a… 
\eileentso- enquiry received from a diligent journalist attached... answer for any other journalist/media queries = Q1: “no”; a… 
\eileentso- IF fintech AND want to pitch @IndexVentures @Accel @balderton @atomico @blossomcap @dawncapital @Episode1VC… 
\eileentso- the @nytimes picking up on the fact that the UK (Cambridge and London esp) = AI talent 💪 
\eileentso- no doubt she's way better than me... (apols for the mixup @mikebutcher #TheEuropas as I was out of town!) 
\eileentso- all aboard... from Sheffield!🚊 
\eileentso- e-safety email from school to parents means Fortnite has officially jumped the shark 
\eileentso- and again... so nonsensical and surreal, how much did that placement cost?? #blockchainbs #URUPOR 
\eileentso- when people gripe that it’s difficult to hire tech talent in London/UK, I remind them that there’s a skills shortag… 
\eileentso- ...3 weeks later (more): now full-on workaholic (ie moved beyond “kinda like” to “srsly rekt”) and I’ve given in to… 
\eileentso- every once in a while you meet ppl and hope “one day I *will* work with this person!” almost 4y to the day after fi… 
\eileentso- after no traction from telling Ticketmaster back in April... “@Monzo contacted all customers who had ever dealt wit… 
\eileentso- jinx much? 
\eileentso- how to drop a humblebrag 
\eileentso- wrt my last tweet, the replies to this are perfect #hypocritionary 
\eileentso- late to this, but it really was worth the read. serious respect for @sterling7 his mum and his sis... 👏💪💙 h/t… 
\eileentso- “Since 2013, 37 banks have been authorised, of which 16 are new UK bank startups and 4 are internet/app only” -Mark… 
\eileentso- loving my annual @Monzo birthday presents (this year a day early but I’ll take it!) 🎁🥂🎉 
\eileentso- 😶... banks close 2,900 UK branches in three years 
\eileentso- ICYMI my op-ed from last week re the Tier 2 visa scheme: @telegraph #timetorethink 
\eileentso- tripped over my tongue (a lot!) saying this earlier, but 4 of the UK’s “unicorns” are fintech, and it was fantastic… 
\eileentso- TIL what an Instagram thread is and that they may have already peaked... and that I’m just old 
\eileentso- .@joscwhite FYI and see Page Issues notice on Notion Capital article/page (still time to co… 
\eileentso- 🤔 so wikipedia editors decided that some of the most prominent UK VCs (funds and individuals) weren’t “notable” eno… 
\eileentso- me everyday 
\eileentso- re-lapsed work-oholic these last two weeks and I'm not going to lie... it kinda feels good (also craving the coca-c… 
\eileentso- ICYMI, this is pretty darn exciting... well-deserved testament to how much @Ale_Artacho and the @Spotahome team roc… 
\eileentso- hurray!! reunited with my phone (thank you @LeonieFrieda1 🙏!!) see why I missed my whatsapp? 🤓 #deleteall 😈… 
\eileentso- further update: I also used a *landline* telephone yesterday for the first time in... years? 📞🤨 #dontmakemefax 
\eileentso- update after almost 24h without a phone... I am still alive (yes, really). still missing whatsapp the most, as well… 
\eileentso- genius that I am, I misplaced my phone over the weekend out of town... managed to survive last 24h w/o them; but ne… 
\eileentso- Q for UK fintech companies... have you heard of UK Fintech Bridges? any idea of what they actually are/for?… 
\eileentso- this list of excuses... just smh 
\eileentso- good ole Kentish Town was looking purty this evening 🍔☀️ #bankholidaysunday 
\eileentso- team @Smarkets spotted in central London today 👀💪 
\eileentso- thanks god for @Monzo’s “freeze” f(x) and amazing customer service, because this would suck: @BBCNews - TSB left ma… 
\eileentso- super excited to be working with @ragnars @ahtih again and to have even more reasons to visit Tallinn! 🚀 huge belie… 
\eileentso- only because I'm not nearly hipster enough to wear/own ripped jeans, this makes me happy 😆 ⚡️ “Sunshine and ripped… 
\eileentso- ps: yep, just that kind of day #fml #justwannarant 
\eileentso- I genuinely don’t get how people cope with makeup on in the gym/running/working out (???) 
\eileentso- lack of compliance and violations pretty much a sure thing; groups already preparing to “launch class action lawsui… 
\eileentso- just teared up scrolling through #hometovote hashtag... big 💚🧡 ➡️ 🇮🇪☘️ 
\eileentso- shocker 
\eileentso- congrats to all the teams that pitched and esp the 5 finalists! really enjoyed judging group 3 alongside… 
\eileentso- Q: what’s worse than getting up and heading out at 0500? A: getting to the station and realising you don’t have your passport #morningfail 
\eileentso- hate that this needs to be said (reiterated) 😠 
\eileentso- this is literally the best thread ever👇 
\eileentso- USA 😔 
\eileentso- to clarify, wasn’t my draft... was an email that came from a government department 😇 
\eileentso- I haven’t had my GDPR training yet (coming Monday thanks to @SandraLyness!) but pretty sure this isn’t now getting… 
\eileentso- love how @Monzo owns up to it: “ ...we’re sorry it’s taken so long. Apple Pay has been by far the most requested fe… 
\eileentso- not gonna pretend... I’m pretty excited about this 🎉 
\eileentso- great to see @DavidCleevely featured in today’s Angel Q&amp;A @ST_Business @thesundaytimes; agree w/every single one of… 
\eileentso- have been asked for event availability for 29th January 2019... always flattering to be invited, but I’m still not yet adjusted to 2018 🙈 
\eileentso- 3/3: "I wish that girls could fail as bad as men do and be okay, because let me tell you... watching men fail up...… 
\eileentso- 2/3: "if we're not comfortable with the notion that a woman could be our president... compared to *what* ?" -… 
\eileentso- 1/3: "when the most qualified person running was a woman... and look what we did instead" -@MichelleObama 
\eileentso- preach 👏🏻 (warning: 3 RT/quote-tweets to follow because @MichelleObama just nails it) 
\eileentso- I can not wait for @martinsorrell’s book... 
\eileentso- the best. 
\eileentso- 🇬🇧 #TechNation: “first sample of graphene discovered in 2004 by Andre Geim &amp; Konstantin Novoselov at the University… 
\eileentso- *cringe* 
\eileentso- always good to turn up to an event not realising I’m due to give prepared remarks 🙊💪 
\eileentso- curious about Uber too 
\eileentso- bank holiday sunday to the max ☀️🍦🏖❣️ @ National Trust Studland Bay 
\eileentso- first morning back from first &gt;1 week holiday in at least a decade (might be 14 years?!)... real life re-entry be hard 🤯🤩 
\eileentso- how to win friends and influence animals (Aussie style) 🐨🦎🇦🇺 #wheninoz #needkangarooemoji… 
\eileentso- how to win friends and influence animals (Aussie style) 🐨🦎🇦🇺 #wheninoz #needkangarooemoji… 
\eileentso- wonder when this first dawned on them... 🤔 
\eileentso- always been super proud to have been to be an undergrad research assistant @NCSAatIllinois at the time (I wasn’t on… 
\eileentso- mood. @ Belongil Beach 
\eileentso- watching this after learning of his passing was so v sad... he worked so long/hard (for years leading to 2016 retir… 
\eileentso- now watching (EK430)... 
\eileentso- 👀 Arsene Wenger: Arsenal boss to leave club at end of season - BBC Sport 
\eileentso- thanks for having me!!! ☀️ 
\eileentso- congrats @chrishol and team @ZestyApp (incl @langer who also crucially got it out of the gate) 👍 
\eileentso- and so many other interventions incl #technationvisa, S/EIS tax relief, R&amp;D tax credits, @TechCityUK, progressive p… 
\eileentso- definitely now that you pulled out the MJ gif ! #23 #dabulls 
\eileentso- second Shaggy reference for the day?! 😎 (ps: thank you!) 
\eileentso- such a tough act the follow (the toughest?!) as @DameStephanie_ is a genuine legend, but looking forward to giving… 
\eileentso- wasn’t me... 
\eileentso- maybe I should wear running clothes to work meetings more often... just been told/asked: "Has anyone ever told you… 
\eileentso- good news: I managed to run into work again today (and the weather is amazing!), bad news: I forgot a change of clo… 
\eileentso- really looking forward to my first ever visit to Edinburgh !! (I know, I know) 😊 
\eileentso- bless... “Boy, three, in potty seat rescue in Cornwall” via @BBCNews 
\eileentso- TIL there is a pubs minister 🍺 
\eileentso- the older I get, the fewer f*cks I give... h/t @SandraLyness 
\eileentso- 💙@aimafidon 💪🏻 
\eileentso- congrats @aparsa_babylon and all @babylonhealth 💪 
\eileentso- Through these fields of destruction Baptisms of fire I've witnessed your suffering As the battle raged higher And t… 
\eileentso- “... the world of spirit wishes not to fetter us, but raise us higher, step by step...” #keeponrocking 🧡 
\eileentso- 🐣💐🐰☀️ Repost tp.2010 ・・・ Easter sunshine... @ SANT ANTONI DE PORTMANY, Spain 
\eileentso- watching #JoshuaParker undercard and it’s such a shame the ring girls are gone; takes so much away from the sport..… 
\eileentso- I know nothing but this just doesn’t feel so sustainable 🤷🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- omg when did this become a thing and how did I miss the memo?? 
\eileentso- if you’re seed stage (raised &lt;5m) and your stack incl/integrates w/the Salesforce platform (Lightning,… 
\eileentso- for good or otherwise... 😉 
\eileentso- wow, I’d totally missed this: congratulations @edmolyneux and the whole @freeagent team! 
\eileentso- fb/CA thoughts from some startups’ and VCs’ points of view with @DavidSignal @iantsmith @brisbourne and myself by… 
\eileentso- do love Singapore's Changi airport... and tbh I'm surprised LHR in top 10 (T5 maybe, T1/T2 tho) 
\eileentso- same 😉 
\eileentso- special/extra reason we love @opensignal (little known secret): we @passioncapital @oatv first met the founders dur… 
\eileentso- hat off to team @Opensignal; v pleased to welcome @OctopusVentures to work alongside @OATV @QualcommVenture… 
\eileentso- happy friday ... happy early morning (again) talking fintech and fb (again, briefly!) soon 
\eileentso- thank you @martinmignot @IndexVentures @tarareeves @localglobevc Tim Bunting @balderton @hnelis @accel for sharing… 
\eileentso- interviews talking about interviews 😉 (thanks @sytaylor @11MediaCo for letting me chat again about fin/tech!) 
\eileentso- Australian Treasurer @ScottMorrisonMP and UK Chancellor @PhilipHammondUK signing the latest Fintech Bridge this mor… 
\eileentso- ...and don’t forget the ever important safety instructions (which tbh was the most awkward bit for me!) 🤓 
\eileentso- if there’s anything else to be said on this topic I’ll prob dodge it (j/k!) but either way I’ll be on #newsnight la… 
\eileentso- I think I’m starting to say this in my sleep (but I do genuinely genuinely believe it!) 
\eileentso- agreed... imho the “appalled” reaction is due to the political ramifications (ie emotional), and separately the mar… 
\eileentso- I assume lots of things but hopefully this isn’t controversial... tho tbh I think the market/investors want to hear… 
\eileentso- thanks @InnFin for having me! twas a pleasure moderating a conversation w/@Chris_Skinner @dcobley @RateSetter Rhydi… 
\eileentso- happy fintech week ppl! looking fwd to #IFGS2018 today, @GoldmanSachs Disruptive Tech Summit Tuesday, @LSEGplc Fint… 
\eileentso- just glad I got to speak ahead of @thepsironi as he’d have been a tough act to follow! thanks @blackrock for having… 
\eileentso- shocker. 
\eileentso- really looking fwd to keynotes fr the Chancellor @PhilipHammondUK, Econ Secy Treasury @JohnGlenUK, Sec State DCMS… 
\eileentso- couldn’t have said this better than @robinklein (no surprise!)... massive congrats to @dougall @andrewtc04 and all… 
\eileentso- missing March madness in the States 🏀 #MarchMadness2018 
\eileentso- for my US citizen pals... 🚀🚀🚀 
\eileentso- current status: 
\eileentso- “First rule of intelligence: Don’t talk about your intelligence. It’s something you prove, not something you claim.… 
\eileentso- loving this @StarlingBank campaign led by @emmagannon conceived by @AnneBoden #MakeMoneyEqual by @ericabuist 
\eileentso- prob shouldn’t have said this “out loud”, but now that I have I feel like shouting it as loud as possible... gah wh… 
\eileentso- absolutely both 🤦🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- outstanding breakdown (makes me wish I watched GoT) of the situation and dynamics involving the biggest chipmakers… 
\eileentso- super great post (US data) including take-aways for founders by @robgo via @alex 
\eileentso- omg I just tried some of these @SkinnyBakery lemon pearls... are you kidding me?? 😋 199 calories in the whole pack!… 
\eileentso- 😔I simply can’t imagine: “Florida school shooting: One mother, two gun attacks” via @bbcnews by @GeorginaRannard 
\eileentso- thanks v much @MEAfintech for incl me on such a high-quality day; brilliant to finally meet @JimMarous @at_thomson… 
\eileentso- same! (ok I only flew in from London and I’m not headlining the festival, but pretty excited to be in Bahrain!… 
\eileentso- genuinely surprised at how “lost” I feel when I accidentally — and so frustratingly — leave my @monzo card at home… 
\eileentso- genuinely didn’t expect to be this surprised (shame on me) 😯 
\eileentso- “RFI found the proportion of consumers using digital banking globally rose from 58% to 68% across 2017...” b/c of n… 
\eileentso- “... a new malware program is created every 4.2 seconds” by @BoweryCapital via @gdibner 
\eileentso- still thinking about that Anthony Joshua interview 😔 
\eileentso- always, always, always help people (full stop) 
\eileentso- “women are 15% less likely than men to be promoted — and a mother is half as likely to be promoted as a childless w… 
\eileentso- wonder women #worldbookday @ Highgate 
\eileentso- ICYMI: #TechNation Talent: Part 3 report just published by @TechCityUK and like the first 2 reports, contains v rev… 
\eileentso- s.m.h. 🤦🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- things that make you go hmmm 🤔 
\eileentso- “I consider myself a law-abiding citizen. I consider myself a believer in an American democracy that moves towards… 
\eileentso- headlines that challenge your knowledge of x, can be oh so good... I’ll show you *click* #damn #sucker #qzwasright 
\eileentso- great overview of the amazing technology @FocalPointPNT w/@RamseyFaragher: “Mapping software on a phone that’s trul… 
\eileentso- nice work @fmssnr @ramz @SadaKane_Gen &amp; @EyeEm team 🎩✨ 
\eileentso- started watching LaLa Land... why didn’t you people warn me off of it? (even Ryan could only hold my interest for so long) 😴 #goodnight 
\eileentso- going through Instagram really motivates me to go to the gym... or just stuff my face and eat all day 
\eileentso- 😂😂”I’ve had to go to Burger King!” 
\eileentso- great discussions, data and findings at @BritishBBank Small Business Finance Markets Report launch @LSEGplc, expert… 
\eileentso- wrt access to finance, not all SMEs are equal. useful breakdown of UK SME attitudes by @BritishBBank @Hudamama… 
\eileentso- hmm wonder who he’s talking to/thinking of... 🤔 “Do not confuse your leadership role with yourself or become addict… 
\eileentso- they’re already doing it... btw credit also due to UK Govt for increasing competition &amp; promoting innovation in ban… 
\eileentso- you’re welcome: “Finland's new pandas enjoy snow” 🐼 ❄️😀 
\eileentso- saw N Finchley store shut earlier today... this could turn into a serious situation 🍗 
\eileentso- also this quote: “You need to understand your market, be creative and use lateral thinking... There is an easy way… 
\eileentso- House of Fraser debt at junk status, Maplin losing credit insurance cover and Warren Evans, Feather &amp; Black, New Lo… 
\eileentso- v interesting reactions either side... those who say not comparable to FGM seem to base that on degree of pain/effe… 
\eileentso- 👏👏great idea which makes so much sense... “Church spires set to spread digital word” by @harrietsherwood… 
\eileentso- have ball, will travel (run!) 🏉 hampsteadrugby #hampsteadheath #parliamenthillfields @ Hampstead… 
\eileentso- 👦🏻👦🏻👦🏻👧🏻👶 + ❄️ + ☀️ (optional) = ⛷👍😁 @ Val-d'Isère 
\eileentso- 🏃🏻‍♀️ 🏃🏻‍♀️ 🏃🏻‍♀️ go go go @weavmusic ! “The Best Apps for Every Type of Runner” via @runnersworld 
\eileentso- -17 C in the village area this morning #dafuqqqq #fkitscold #valdisère @ Val-d'Isère 
\eileentso- and I thought I’d had some demos go badly in my day #oops #demogodsunhappy 
\eileentso- just got up from my desk... and realised I’d been sitting at it (hadn’t moved) for 5h straight #ouch 
\eileentso- thank you for having me! @UKBAngels such an key pillar of our ecosystem in the 10y since I’ve known it &amp; will be fo… 
\eileentso- thank you for being here and investing your time &amp; energy in the UK ecosystem 👏 #TechNation #technationvisa #T1 
\eileentso- 🤔😑😞 
\eileentso- $6+ trillion AUM: “We believe that a lack of diversity on the board undermines its ability to make effective strate… 
\eileentso- the wine glass that doesn’t spill (#4) is my fave but the self-making bed (#6) is pretty darn cool too 🤓 
\eileentso- ICYMI 
\eileentso- what year are we in again? 
\eileentso- $250 up for grabs from @finimize if you can accurately predict the USD$ value of BTC 2 weeks from now... go go go 💰… 
\eileentso- umm if you need to take a test to reveal/determine, dude: you’re a morning person #duh #nightpeopleknow 
\eileentso- totally late to the party (missed the memo!) I just watched Atomic Blonde on a flight... omfg that soundtrack 💕 🎶 #love #showingmyage 
\eileentso- srsly?! (missed this pre-xmas): “Theranos gets $100 million debt financing to carry it through 2018” # by @sarahbuhr 
\eileentso- gorgeous 
\eileentso- I can only hope to maintain my composure in painful convos as @afuahirsch did here... “if it’s well-intentioned it’… 
\eileentso- nice profile of @mustafasuleymn (I’m a big fan of his and @demishassabis) who doesn’t seem to get quite as much of… 
\eileentso- I don’t know if this is real, but 😲 
\eileentso- would there really be confusion b/t the names “marsh” (@MarshGlobal) and “marshmallow” (@getmarshmallow)? by… 
\eileentso- tfw you make your train... but then actually miss it whilst sitting on board the wrong one/platform 🤦🏻‍♀️ #senility 
\eileentso- looking forward to this and really pleased this is now an annual event after last year's success: @hmtreasury's UK… 
\eileentso- new map by @Adzuna has revealed average salaries advertised for jobs within a 1/4 mile of London tube stations... 
\eileentso- “believing you can get to almost wherever you want, discipline, and insecurity = formula for a successful, impactfu… 
\eileentso- first tweet of this thread made me want to spit, but fortunately it has a happy ending (love that people applauded) 
\eileentso- not all heroes wear capes but some dress as Santa: cool GoPro video of a man chasing perpetrator of a hit &amp; run thr… 
\eileentso- and speaking of deliveries, thank you @ReachRobotics for our #mekamon invasion @whitebearyard last week❣ 🤖 🤓 
\eileentso- speaking of @ButternutBox, they’re making dogs happy all over the UK (and the odd one in IRE &amp; FR too)! delivery vo… 
\eileentso- one of the best stories I’ve heard re that perfect hire; well done @DaveNolan9 @kevingglynn building an A+ team… 
\eileentso- this @kelvinfawaz sitch is crazy...😖 
\eileentso- still worth watching; I guarantee it #alphago 
\eileentso- if you’re putting off the Christmas shopping and chilling this weekend, check out @alphagomovie… 
\eileentso- any UK tech companies offering fertility benefits? (prompted by this US list compiled by @sarahbuhr and a chat with… 
\eileentso- the time and cost to do this must have been ridic (I know, it's AAPL so who cares) but can't wait until… 
\eileentso- 2/2: seriously I love these 
\eileentso- 1/2: these videos of college acceptance are the best ❤️ 
\eileentso- ICYMI w/all the #uksnow excitement, @monzo now has &gt;100,000 current accounts live... congrats to the team &amp; all the… 
\eileentso- team tree🌲...🎄 @ Highgate 
\eileentso- thanks @storiesinbooks @onemississippi2 @SandraLyness @lyn__sea for a party that just gets better and better year a… 
\eileentso- celebrating and giving thanks for another brilliant year @whitebearyard #passioncapital with our… 
\eileentso- #merrymerry #passionxmas 
\eileentso- blinded by your grace, part 2 #stormzy #ukonstage #fangirling @ Roundhouse 
\eileentso- sparkling sunny Sheffield @ Sheffield Train Station - SHF 
\eileentso- #mustsee 
\eileentso- when your bladder features prominently in your dreams #4amtweets #mustjustbeme 
\eileentso- first of the season...! ❄️ #uksnow #highgate #N6 
\eileentso- FCA re asset managers Newton Investment Mgmt Ltd; Hargreave Hale Ltd; River &amp; Mercantile Asset Mgmt LLP; Artemis In… 
\eileentso- 🤦🏻‍♀️😡 
\eileentso- .@HPIGateway insuretech gateway accelerator makes a lot of sense for @HambroPerks; also congrats @bymiles for being… 
\eileentso- 2y ago today @TechCityUK launched the #technationvisa T1 visa; now more critical to UK tech sector success than eve… 
\eileentso- new CEO and execs seem to be making a lot of changes... I wonder about the Board 🤔 #governance 
\eileentso- tldr: Hong Kong 
\eileentso- .@JustEatUK entering the FTSE100 just 3.5yrs after listing 
\eileentso- big fan of dynamic pricing @urbanmassage; helps to justify (every little bit counts) my impulse/indulgence !… 
\eileentso- looking forward to this and hearing from proper fintech experts @parkparadigm @edwray21 
\eileentso- .@DPOrganizer_EU makes a whole lot of sense to me; congrats on the raise by @J_K9 @tech_eu 
\eileentso- #nyk 
\eileentso- “Unfortunately, the prime age people start to freeze their eggs is 35, which is a little bit too late,”... 🥚#nyk 
\eileentso- love it 
\eileentso- exhibit A: for those who are skeptical about the case for (and inevitable rise of) challenger banks... 
\eileentso- chess squad @ London, United Kingdom 
\eileentso- for Brits who find the Queen’s Speech difficult to sit through... you got nothin’ on this #cringe #makeitstop 
\eileentso- “last year 35k teachers left (teaching) for reasons other than retirement” -@Showmyhomework founder in @CityAM re n… 
\eileentso- not for all (most) @passioncapital co’s but for a select few there is nothing better... well done team… 
\eileentso- so many puns🤦🏻but loving @finimize's "boring but sexy deal" report today: $8 billion in play as Japanese giant Nipp… 
\eileentso- .@whitebearyard was the first (and I'm obvs biased but still think also the best) coworking in London, so let us kn… 
\eileentso- Q: what do @stripe @twilio @buzzfeed @AngelList @TransferWise @gocardless @smarkets @urbanmassage @monzo all have i… 
\eileentso- also curious to hear about what makes a “good mentor” 🤔 or how one helped other than access to a network 
\eileentso- #photobomb (ish) via @williamtfox 
\eileentso- nice piece on small- and mid-cap tech IPOs in London as context re US-success/HQ’ed Boku w/@mr_james_c by @alex 
\eileentso- crazy town (crazy talk) 
\eileentso- tfw you spot @ReachRobotics #MekaMon in the Apple Store 🤩🤖👀💃🏻🛒 
\eileentso- ideal Friday read: “Constrained Bayesian Optimization for Automatic Chemical Design” 📚🤓 congrats team @PROWLER_IO o… 
\eileentso- thanks @TechFast50 for having me! massive congrats @smarkets @GoCardless &amp; friends @Seedrs @bookingbug @Deliveroo… 
\eileentso- 👏 finalists @AireScore @My_Abaka @PockitUK @KalgeraUK @credscope @MespoUK; financial inclusion so v important… 
\eileentso- strong support for UK tech fr @Number10gov @PhilipHammondUK; gr8 to see @passioncapital founders @t_blom @dougall… 
\eileentso- I don’t say this often (ever) but @ReachRobotics news fully warrants it: boom. by @bheater @TechCrunch 💥👊 
\eileentso- looking fwd to joining @scoutu @dr_black @tabithagold @Tamara_Rajah @HermanNarula @aparsa_babylon et al this aftern… 
\eileentso- always room for more/better but credit where due: addl £ + 2x # of visas = tremendous achievement #technation 🎉well… 
\eileentso- thank you Emma altho congrats goes to wider team — and all of us who benefit ! 🎉 thanks also to you + @e_nation for… 
\eileentso- thank you @Sathnam @OliBarrett for brilliant moderation/Q&amp;A, @gids @debbieforster and @thetimes for having me… 
\eileentso- v much looking fwd to #timestechsummit to start what is sure to be a stellar day for UK tech 👩🏻‍💻🤓 via @sarahfwood… 
\eileentso- tech VCs/investors who don't tweet or even have a registered twitter handle... old skool or ahead of the curve? 
\eileentso- love this; cannot wait to get one @ReachRobotics #MekaMon 
\eileentso- "A simple rule for us is to aspire to have our company staff reflect how we want our customers to look and act. We… 
\eileentso- what "inflection point"? technology has always had the potential to be used for good, always... and like all innova… 
\eileentso- A: Yes. #nextquestionpls 
\eileentso- ICYMI @smarkets makes ~£175k profit per employee (similar to Google parent Alphabet); great @jasontrost profile by… 
\eileentso- congratulations again to teams @smarkets and @gocardless on their inclusion in #TechTrack100 this year ! 👏🎉 
\eileentso- thanks v much @CBItweets @IanKingSky + @avivaplc Mark Wilson for this convo; enjoyed talking slime, rugby metaphors… 
\eileentso- cc @dinamedland 
\eileentso- crazy excited about this next phase of @Monzo w/@goodwatercap @stripe @moritzKBE on board: by @EMRumney @Reuters 
\eileentso- not just car tech, but @FocalPointPNT will have massive impact on vehicle navigation eg &amp;… 
\eileentso- 😬🤦🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- been talking about this w/@manuscranny for years: FB (finally!) launches p2p payments in UK by @lynseybarber @cityam 
\eileentso- more UK challenger bank news: S Africa’s @FirstRand offers £1.1bn offer for @AldermoreBank (230k customers w/SMB le… 
\eileentso- congrats team @Monzo and welcome @GoodwaterCap @edsuh @chchien @moritzKBE @collision @stripe @gaybrick 🚀 cc… 
\eileentso- “Her manner screams, “Public speaking is a nightmare! Avoid it at all costs!”... Advice to Theresa May (and other s… 
\eileentso- where “people” = skills... we must invest in young people &amp; re-skill *within* the UK and keep working to attract i… 
\eileentso- “Both Ford and Renault already have UK banking arms that they use to provide some of the financing for their consum… 
\eileentso- another old skool expert @thesundaytimes “Phil Reed... expert on internet addiction... does not own a mobile phone” 
\eileentso- guess he’s happy w/his sound bite, but imho Dr Savvas Savouri comes across as a bit of a d*ck about to be blindside… 
\eileentso- good. 
\eileentso- wow. big. 
\eileentso- great day out at the Emirates for an @arsenal #arsenalfc #win @tpowell1985 @robertdighero @thetimmorgan 🌤🍂 ⚽️ 
\eileentso- “Doubters confounded” = FT-speak for haters gon hate 🤓 
\eileentso- this. is. ridic. 🤦🏻‍♀️😡 
\eileentso- newsworthy when CEOs aren't coming across as obvious d*cks 
\eileentso- didn't mean to make it sound quite so much like a fortune cookie but it is what I think so there you go 🧀 
\eileentso- £61 million scaffolding #bigben #elizabethtower @ Big Ben 
\eileentso- same... (although an AI bot to help me respond to questions might help!) 🤓 
\eileentso- pink not a girl thing till mid-80s; b4 then "generally accepted rule is pink for boys and blue for girls."-June 1918 
\eileentso- bc I always get asked for examples of good decks: great collection of pitch decks collated by @ADJBlog via @hkanji 
\eileentso- "In SaaS you don’t win by getting there 1st or having the best idea. You win by continually solving the problem bet… 
\eileentso- "I basically feel like I’m borrowing male privilege..." great summary of @jesskahnweiler's experience and medium po… 
\eileentso- hint hint nudge nudge to @tpowell1985 😉 via @justinvekinis #xmaswishlist 
\eileentso- fwiw: 53% female, 47% male across whole of TechCity UK and Tech North teams 
\eileentso- love everything team @TechCityUK does; constantly working on boosting UK's digital/tech sector. latest highlights:… 
\eileentso- love that @DumiOburota is the "cover boy" for this list and being amongst his company, along with @t_blom of course… 
\eileentso- .@Ale_Artacho would def use a gif! congrats team @Spotahome on €22M raised to date &amp; thanks @sohear 4 write-up +… 
\eileentso- fb domination 
\eileentso- gorgeous London... as seen during breakfast at the top of BT Tower this morning @ BT Tower 
\eileentso- thread 👇 
\eileentso- bless... anyone got a tissue? /via @tpowell1985 
\eileentso- "From the research, we can also see that the international nature of the tech workforce is a positive for the UK ec… 
\eileentso- further to my last tweet, ICYMI, @GoCardless is on fire as evidenced by last month's funding announcement 🔥💥💫 
\eileentso- ...and people are the nuts and bolts 🔩⚙️ (loving @hirokitakeuchi and team @GoCardless ethos) 
\eileentso- 
\eileentso- ok so can we talk about Woody Allen now? 
\eileentso- abs brilliant... such an unexpectedly moving and touching documentary re the monumental achievement of team… 
\eileentso- "shame on us if we sit by &amp; let an imposter talk us down" -@MichelleObama dropping truths re imposter syndrome + di… 
\eileentso- hah! but I'm exclusively a full fat Coca-Cola person... none of this diet stuff 🙃 
\eileentso- I wanna glide down over Mulholland I wanna write her name in the sky I'm gonna free fall out into nothin' Gonna leave this world for awhile 
\eileentso- shocker "'Monarch's probs can be summed up v succinctly: Falling revenues and rising costs' says administrator KPMG" 
\eileentso- so excited to see @mustafasuleymn on @UKRI_News board! he'll be much-needed and highest calibre voice for UK digita… 
\eileentso- y'day at #dnbnxt2017 I spoke "impact investing". also y'day in @FT: "‘Tech for good’ investors find... good returns" 
\eileentso- another gem fr @digitalshadows: &gt;1M stolen payment cards 4 sale online; total card fraud est $24 billion (2018) src… 
\eileentso- just one example of @digitalshadows expertise, @rickhholland et al in 8h: Equifax Breach Lessons: How to Stop the... 
\eileentso- just one example of @digitalshadows expertise, @rickhholland et al in 8h: Equifax Breach Lessons: How to Stop the... 
\eileentso- massive congrats @patersonae @jimmychappell &amp; team: cybersecurity co @digitalshadows raised $26M by @cjmcgoogan 👏 
\eileentso- on @BBCRadio4 now: 25 min not enough to talk thru all the issues but it was a pleasure to try w/ @DAaronovitch… 
\eileentso- 🤞for when "impact investing" becomes redundant. meanwhile, thank you for having me @DNB_Bank #DNBNXT2017 ! 🙏 
\eileentso- on my way to #dnbnxt where I will have a pretty tough act to follow on the main stage #HalloOslo 🛫 
\eileentso- this fella sat next to me in the boarding gate area just snapped off some dental floss... and flossed his teeth. ya… 
\eileentso- about time for my daily food related tweet, so... PSA: I might be eating too much @kingssnacks beef jerky 🐮 ❤️ 
\eileentso- v handy... 
\eileentso- y'day I only had one Coke because I figured I should watch the sugar intake, but then I had one of these cupcakes..… 
\eileentso- being grumpy on twitter could be my new favourite thing (what took me so long?) 🤷🏻‍♀️😈 #friyay 
\eileentso- (now I've hurt my brain) #needsleep #earlynight 
\eileentso- ... throughout entire appeals process, didn't TfL effectively sort of extend the license (right for Uber to keep operating) beyond 30th? 3/3 
\eileentso- ...simply lapsed in 8-9 days. but by making its statement today and allowing Uber to appeal, knowing the service can keep operating... 2/3 
\eileentso- 🤔 so Uber's license was due to expire on 30th Sep, means if TfL had done/said nothing publicly, Uber's right to operate would have... 1/3 
\eileentso- afraid I'll always be irritating and not sure what led you to believe otherwise, but my comments are in response to… 
\eileentso- tldr 🤦🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- in case not enough in your feed: "How people are reacting to TfL decision not to renew Uber's licence" by @northead… 
\eileentso- ...as lamented while sitting in black tie at the Julia Morgan Ballroom, SF 
\eileentso- cool; will do 👍 
\eileentso- too often I really wish I could tweet from meetings, eg "this is the most boring meeting ever" #grumpy 
\eileentso- "startup that built a ground-up platform that incorporates machine learning, cloud svcs, encryption at all states &amp;… 
\eileentso- infuriating 🤦🏻‍♀️ 
\eileentso- 👇 
\eileentso- that actually took longer than I'd expected... 
\eileentso- from tripling valuation exercises to first/last home this post is just too good by @profgalloway via @axios 
\eileentso- "fairly straightforward for me... I think (girls and boys playing sport together until adolescence) is a great idea" 
\eileentso- this thread... ❤️ 
\eileentso- wow #SingaporeGP #photoburst #golewis 🏎 
\eileentso- rain rain rain for the start of #singaporeGP ☔️ 🏎 
\eileentso- handy... 
\eileentso- as per my last tweet, apply by 20th Oct if your startup/team is working on something relating to… 
\eileentso- 😔 1 in 33 UK adults don't have a bank account... fin/tech can do so much for financial inclusion, see #fintechforall 
\eileentso- no idea if this is true/accurate but if it is, then such a shame... @gdsteam was best in class and world-leading di… 
\eileentso- this: "get up at 2pm-ish, leave the track about 2am, and head off for something to eat..." #leggo #SingaporeGP 🛫🏎🥂 
\eileentso- anyone in London (zone 1) have thoughts on @WASO_tokyo ? menu looks delicious; thinking of giving it a go next week… 
\eileentso- just hanging out and watching #AppleEvent live with @ruskin147 😂 
\eileentso- may have just binge-watched Life of Kylie #sorrynotsorry #dontjudgeme #sundayslacking 
\eileentso- big ups to @ButternutBox on a major milestone achieved crazy ahead of target, but even more crucially for this abso… 
\eileentso- #founderwisdom 
\eileentso- always fun to join @ruskin147 on-air, but even more so today along w/@jeffjarvis + Adrian Chiles to look back on fo… 
\eileentso- btw another 🎥 recommendation: "The Founder" re Ray Kroc and the story of McDonald's is fantastic #netflix #mustwatch 
\eileentso- FYI largest doping scandal in sports/history: Icarus @IcarusNetflix | Official Trailer [HD] | Netflix via @YouTube 
\eileentso- also sports-related, if you haven't watched/seen it yet, imho @bryanfogel's @IcarusNetflix is brilliant and must-see TV (erm @netflix) 💉 
\eileentso- great article (not quite a long read and v much worth reading in full) by @JohnBranchNYT via @ravmattu #respect 
\eileentso- fixed this for you: I admit that I'm just winging it while v lucky to love what I do for a job 🙃(thanks… 
\eileentso- could tell you but then I'd have to kill you #headdown #wrongturnmaybe 
\eileentso- I don't often (ever?) post pics of food but this is just too good... honey, I've missed you #sorrynotsorry #mcds… 
\eileentso- some of the comments on the #nomoregirlsandboys hashtag are just too sad 🤦‍♂️ 
\eileentso- "...is it possible to scale up w/o the help of VCs?... @Pusher has done just that" by @trevorclawson w/@maxthelion 💪🙌https://t.co/k3gqTLx0EB 
\eileentso- wdyt re women-only train carriages? is that pov diff or same as what you think re women-only lounges "safe spaces" at industry events/confs? 
\eileentso- I remember when I used to be quizzed about why I switched jobs/co's "so often". used to be that &lt;3-5y raised old sk… 
\eileentso- 🤣 via @johndodds 
\eileentso- genius. via @swml83 @BBCNews 
\eileentso- never heard of him 😟 
\eileentso- great way to start the season; good to be back at The Emirates 🎉@arsenal #AFCvLCFC #coyg #threehappyyounggunners 
\eileentso- 10x a day 
\eileentso- great opportunity if you want to have direct impact on ensuring Britain continues to attract &amp; secure highly skille… 
\eileentso- 😪 #IAAFWorlds #usainbolt #misshimalready 
\eileentso- #iaafworlds #gobolt #usainbolt 
\eileentso- pretty crazy excited about this; heading down to the stadium now 🤓(90 mins till the semis and 4h till the final)… 
\eileentso- deadline 27 Oct: call for evidence &amp; public consultation by Migration Adv'y Ctte on economic/social impact of Brexit 
\eileentso- unsung hero in London tech: @drjamiewilson @myhometouch in @CityAM by @ElliottDHaworth #forceforgood @passioncapital 
\eileentso- led by @LisaSu 👏#AMD 
\eileentso- 🤦‍♂️ and all the *cringe* via @JamesLiamCook 
\eileentso- this is horrific, and I think it's right they face charges (for not reporting let alone call for help or help thems… 
\eileentso- "If we could let go of all regret What would we do, would we do We could do anything..." Underwater by @MillieTurnr 
\eileentso- one of the best teams eva abs smashing it. ❤️ all their great startup stories &amp; honored to be part of it (… 
\eileentso- "An open letter to bank shareholders" = well-written piece incl @monzo shout by @LouiseHBeaumont via @cmogle 
\eileentso- ICYMI, @thesundaytimes' loss is @TideBanking and our sector's gain...!! can't wait to have @KikiLoizou kicking arou… 
\eileentso- twitterverse: what's best advice you've ever rec'vd or the one piece of advice you like to give? (pls help me come up w/something) 🤓 
\eileentso- thanks to EST (Economic Secretary to the Treasury) @SteveBarclay for FinTech Roundtable yesterday at @hmtreasury 
\eileentso- PSA: a brand new @kfc just opened on Camden High Street today (ie, omfg) 
\eileentso- grazie mille and arrivederci la tana ❤️ @ Ruffoli Greve 
\eileentso- too cool moderating this morning for my hometown @ChicagosMayor Rahm Emanuel + adopted hometown London Mayor… 
\eileentso- so many fun and silly moments in torno; thanks imwithangus for many of these snaps and jenisehen… 
\eileentso- yasss 👇...👌 
\eileentso- "London overtakes NY &amp; SF as top city for insuretech deals in 1H2017" src @Fintech_Global (b/c Gryphon)… 
\eileentso- 👏🏆 
\guykawasaki- How Apple became Apple. 
\guykawasaki- “To our amazement, the work-from-home employees were far from goofing off — they increased productivity by 13.5 per… 
\guykawasaki- Coming to you live from sunny California Listen to #podcast #RemarkablePeople 
\guykawasaki- Dr. @RobertCialdini : The Psychology Powering Influence and Persuasion #remarkablepeople… 
\guykawasaki- Question of the moment. 
\guykawasaki- Coming to you live from sunny California Listen to #podcast #RemarkablePeople 
\guykawasaki- Wee Man on #RemarkablePeople: California Dreamer Ollies to Jackass Fame with Crazy Stunts 
\guykawasaki- How Apple Became Apple 
\guykawasaki- “I Haven’t Exhaled in So Long”: Surviving Harvey Weinstein 
\guykawasaki- Today I had a choice: go surfing or create a newsletter. So I did both. Admittedly, I could… 
\guykawasaki- Yes, it is worse than the flu: busting the coronavirus myths 
\guykawasaki- The pink princess philodendron is the ultimate Instagram plant, with three-digit price tags to match. The following… 
\guykawasaki- Things you can do to reduce the spread of COVID-19 
\guykawasaki- New EPISODE: Simply say, Hey Siri or Alexa, play Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People podcast with Leon Panetta! 🎧… 
\guykawasaki- Is Tiktok spyware? It is reported to be under National Security review to see if it’s a threat to American interest… 
\guykawasaki- Trump Has a Problem as the Coronavirus Threatens the U.S.: His Credibility 
\guykawasaki- An Exclusive Club of Black Women Is Disrupting Silicon Valley 
\guykawasaki- New Report Shows That 74% of People Don't Believe Tech Platforms Will Be Able to Stop Political Manipulation 
\guykawasaki- Make America Sick Again. 
\guykawasaki- Admit It: You Don’t Know What Will Happen Next 
\guykawasaki- The 6 Stages of the Product Life Cycle 
\guykawasaki- Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Experiment, looks back at how the experiment was pla… 
\guykawasaki- She persists. 
\guykawasaki- Someone tell POTUS. 
\guykawasaki- Feeling pensive? CDC confirms the first US coronavirus case of ‘unknown’ origin. The California patient was hospita… 
\guykawasaki- Can Lysol and Clorox products kill the novel coronavirus? The answer is ... complicated 
\guykawasaki- Warning: your head might explode by listening to this episode though Stephen Wolfram describes what he does as simp… 
\guykawasaki- Lots to think about. 
\guykawasaki- How You Know You’ve Made It, by City 
\guykawasaki- Taking care of details. 
\guykawasaki- How to Make a Dramatic Career Shift, According to a Freelancer Who Made $3 Million 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- The single biggest social problem in the world today is the lack of engagement: World-champ… 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE! 🎧In this episode Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta offers his state of the union, explains what could… 
\guykawasaki- How to Gain Visibility When You Work Remotely 
\guykawasaki- Silicon Valley Ruined Work Culture Everywhere 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s Doctor Thought He Had a Ticket to Congress. It Hasn’t Been So Easy. 
\guykawasaki- Have you ever wondered how Margaret Atwood writes books? In this episode of Remarkable People, she explains her tac… 
\guykawasaki- A new senior leader at the White House personnel office: A college senior 
\guykawasaki- Income Growth Slowed Across the US Under Donald Trump 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- Someone should tell the administration 
\guykawasaki- Fight for the Bight wins. 
\guykawasaki- Kudlow breaks with CDC on coronavirus: ‘We have contained this’ 
\guykawasaki- Breaking News: The CDC warned Americans to begin preparing for the possibility of a coronavirus outbreak: “This mig… 
\guykawasaki- Let’s do it. 
\guykawasaki- Katherine Johnson, NASA Mathematician Featured in ‘Hidden Figures,’ Dies at 101 
\guykawasaki- How to build a digital marketing strategy from scratch 
\guykawasaki- Martha Stewart: Lessons from Martha on perfection and life. It's a good thing. A bite-sized episode of… 
\guykawasaki- How creativity impacts countries around the world 
\guykawasaki- The Ars Technica semi-scientific guide to Wi-Fi Access Point placement 
\guykawasaki- POPULAR EPISODE 🔥 @SteveWoz : The Wonderful Wizard of Woz 🎧 #remarkablepeople #podcast 
\guykawasaki- Always be learning! 
\guykawasaki- Dr. Jane Goodall is a renowned scientist and conservationist but maybe you already knew that. I learned more about… 
\guykawasaki- Today on the podcast, @juliepackard Exec. Director, @MontereyAq Full episode and show notes:… 
\guykawasaki- Margaret Atwood: ‘The people who suppress women also pretend there is no climate crisis.’ I loved my interview with… 
\guykawasaki- Are you interested in thriving, not merely surviving? You'll LOVE this interview with my special guest,… 
\guykawasaki- Dr. Phil Zimbardo's famous Stanford Prison Experiment (SPE) inspired two movies. Phil’s sixty books have reached mi… 
\guykawasaki- NASA images reveal dramatic effects of heat in Antarctica 
\guykawasaki- In these 'very dark times,' Jane Goodall explains why she is still hopeful. I greatly admire her hopeful attitude a… 
\guykawasaki- Meet Dr. @RobertCialdini is the “godfather of influence.” His book, Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion, is the… 
\guykawasaki- How to Be an Expatriate in 2020 
\guykawasaki- Next live set up 
\guykawasaki- Could be a game changer. 
\guykawasaki- Meet @juliepackard: Philanthropist, Antithesis of a Trust-Fund Baby, and Environmental Role Model 🌊🐡🦈 Be inspired h… 
\guykawasaki- 12 Mental Health Hacks for Entrepreneurs 
\guykawasaki- Anderson Cooper on Rod Blagojevich claim: Just nuts 
\guykawasaki- Looking for the right words. 
\guykawasaki- German Shepherd Treads Water for 11 Hours, Helps Rescue Owner After His Boat Sinks 
\guykawasaki- Cold Case Files: Curiosity and the Cat 
\guykawasaki- I Was the Judge in the Stop-and-Frisk Case. I Don’t Think Bloomberg Is Racist. 
\guykawasaki- How did Wee Man make it big? Meet Jason Acuna: Pro Skater, Stuntman, and Savvy Investor 
\guykawasaki- “The ocean is the biggest part of nature.” @JuliePackard, this week's Remarkable People podcast guest.… 
\guykawasaki- Make Canada Great Again. Survey: Immigration Policies Driving Work Out Of America 
\guykawasaki- Duh. It’s all about the ports: What Apple needs to change now that Jony Ive is gone 
\guykawasaki- Will Trump admin defund or shut them down? These Students Are Learning About Fake News and How to Spot It 
\guykawasaki- The Case for Open Borders 
\guykawasaki- Duh. 
\guykawasaki- 5 Fun Hobbies That Will Improve Your Health from @thrive 
\guykawasaki- Pull Yourself Up by Bootstraps? Go Ahead, Try It 
\guykawasaki- What New Research Says About Melatonin and Sleep | Psychology Today 
\guykawasaki- How To Cure A Toxic Work Environment Without Getting Sick 
\guykawasaki- GREAT EPISODE 🎧 #remarkablepeople #podcast 
\guykawasaki- Inside the Fight to Topple Lindsey Graham—and Trump’s Senate Majority 
\guykawasaki- Why Teenagers Reject Parents’ Solutions to Their Problems 
\guykawasaki- Loved chatting with @juliepackard Exec. Director, @MontereyAq on my podcast. 🐠 Full episode and show notes:… 
\guykawasaki- TikTok bombing my daughter. 🤣 #tiktok #sunset #californialiving 
\guykawasaki- Larry Tesler, the Apple employee who invented cut, copy, paste, dies at 74 
\guykawasaki- Romney stands alone and finds company 
\guykawasaki- He should buy Fox. The Epic Battle Between Trump and Bezos Is On 
\guykawasaki- SMH. As Trump Claims to Be Law of the Land, Barr’s Irritation Builds 
\guykawasaki- 3 Keys to Finding Your Voice in the Workplace via @thrive 
\guykawasaki- Exclusive: Ahead of 2020 election, a ‘Blue Wave’ is rising in the cities, polling analysis shows 
\guykawasaki- Stephen Wolfram: Fascinating Interview with a Modern Day Genius #remarkablepeople #podcast 
\guykawasaki- Today on the podcast, @juliepackard Exec. Director, @MontereyAq Full episode and show notes:… 
\guykawasaki- 21 of the Best Social Media Apps for Marketers in 2020 
\guykawasaki- Surfing is a great metaphor for life. Fall off the board and afraid to get back on? Soak in Shaun's Code designed t… 
\guykawasaki- My day job. 
\guykawasaki- Memo to America: Your Primary System Is Great. 
\guykawasaki- America’s ‘recycled’ plastic waste is clogging landfills, survey finds 
\guykawasaki- Trump says he’s commuted the sentence of former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Instagram’s CEO explains why you’re not getting an iPad app anytime so 
\guykawasaki- Federal judges’ association calls emergency meeting after DOJ intervenes in case of Trump ally Roger Stone 
\guykawasaki- Simply deplorable. A blight upon our heritage. 
\guykawasaki- How the military can help fight climate change. 
\guykawasaki- Fighting prejudice in young children. 
\guykawasaki- 3 Ways To Get Back On Track With Your Resolutions And Build Self-Confidence 
\guykawasaki- Most important thing you can read today. Kids Don’t Need to Stay ‘On Track’ to Succeed 
\guykawasaki- Question: Do you think that bad people create bad times or bad times create bad people? Margaret Atwood: "O… 
\guykawasaki- Make Canada Great Again. Immigrants Flock To Canada, While U.S. Declines. 
\guykawasaki- Here's how long coronaviruses may linger on contaminated surfaces, according to science. 
\guykawasaki- 3 Ways to Be Indispensable at Work Without Burning Out from @thrive 
\guykawasaki- Utah GOP Considering Resolution Calling For Mitt Romney To ‘Immediately Resign’ From Office 
\guykawasaki- Loved chatting with Martha Stewart is the original “influencer.” 📸 credit @ThePhotagonist… 
\guykawasaki- Surfing is a great metaphor for life. Fall off the board and afraid to get back on? Soak in Shaun's Code designed t… 
\guykawasaki- Pastor Says God Will Protect U.S. From Coronavirus Because Trump Administration Sided With 'Life in the Womb' 
\guykawasaki- Shuteye and sleep hygiene: the truth about why you keep waking up at 3am 
\guykawasaki- SMH. The number of Indians left waiting for an American green card skyrocketed in 2019. 
\guykawasaki- Chefs José Andrés, Andrew Zimmern on immigration and food in 'What's Eating America' NBC News: Chefs José Andrés, A… 
\guykawasaki- If William Barr Truly Believed in Rule of Law, He Would Resign 
\guykawasaki- TONIGHT! 📺 Join me in watching the premiere of #whatseatingamerica with @andrewzimmern on @msnbc tonight at 9e/6p… 
\guykawasaki- Now that you mention this...Why Fewer Bugs Are Splattering On Your Car Windshield Nowadays 
\guykawasaki- ‘What the Hell Are We Doing Lending Money to a Guy Like This?’ 
\guykawasaki- Is it just me or are more people concerned about what happened in Iowa than willful interference in elections by fo… 
\guykawasaki- Andrew Yang: the Crazy Smart Asian - running for president in 2020 🇺🇸 LISTEN here &gt;&gt; Make s… 
\guykawasaki- One striking image shows the Marine Corps generals who will have left the Trump administration, after the president… 
\guykawasaki- ‘Completely crazy’: Trump exposed by own administration in explosive new book 
\guykawasaki- This is a statement. DOJ Alumni Statement on the Events Surrounding the Sentencing of Roger Stone 
\guykawasaki- SMH. 
\guykawasaki- The Black snowshoers of Canada. 
\guykawasaki- Wow, India will overtake China by 2027. Nigeria to have 733 million people by 2100. 
\guykawasaki- Remembering Iwo Jima. 
\guykawasaki- It's come to this. 
\guykawasaki- It's come to this. 
\guykawasaki- When we strengthen our gratitude muscle at work, everyone benefits. via @thrive @ariannahuff 
\guykawasaki- You’re likely washing your hands wrong and don’t even know it, experts say 
\guykawasaki- Wandering ship becomes ‘best cruise ever’ despite coronavirus fears 
\guykawasaki- Bloomberg Flunks the Wokeness Test. It Doesn’t Matter 
\guykawasaki- Former Ohio State University wrestler calls out GOP Rep. Jim Jordan: “It’s just going to get worse” 
\guykawasaki- Top Evangelical Christian Website Says Pete Buttgieg’s Homosexuality Makes Him ‘Deserving of Death’ 
\guykawasaki- Once a longshot, Bloomberg is gaining ground in California. 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- This chart shows the mind-blowing way Mike Bloomberg’s $62 billion fortune dwarfs the net worth of everyone else ru… 
\guykawasaki- Join me in watching the premiere of #whatseatingamerica with @andrewzimmern on @msnbc this Sunday night at 9e/8c a… 
\guykawasaki- Disgusted with Republicans? You don’t have to wait until November—we can beat one next month 
\guykawasaki- Wisdom and waves on my chat with @ShaunTomson on my #RemarkablePeople podcast. Listen here 👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻… 
\guykawasaki- Sam Donaldson Makes Rare Democratic 2020 Presidential Endorsement 
\guykawasaki- Learn how to create a wave of purpose and positive change with world-champion surfer @ShaunTomson on the… 
\guykawasaki- Juárez Smugglers Create Camouflaged Rebar Ladders to Scale Mexican Border Wall 
\guykawasaki- Lol. Facebook is changing its political-advertising policies on Instagram after Mike Bloomberg’s campaign paid for… 
\guykawasaki- This is the safest country in the world to visit 
\guykawasaki- Bloomberg’s counterattacks may just resonate with Democrats 
\guykawasaki- Jane is going to be busy planting trees to save the planet! If you'd like to hear my interview with her, go to 
\guykawasaki- Two years after Parkland shooting: NRA no longer runs the show | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Mitch McConnell’s Office Overrun by March for Our Lives Protesters Demanding Tougher Gun Laws 
\guykawasaki- A disaster for diplomacy and the Zionist dream | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Woz says he’s still an Apple employee, gets paid ‘about $50 a week’ via @seattletimes… 
\guykawasaki- How about cracking down on false political ads? The FTC is cracking down on influencer marketing on YouTube, Instag… 
\guykawasaki- Dr. @RobertCialdini is the “godfather of influence.” He is to changing people’s minds what Martha Stewart is to cha… 
\guykawasaki- Passing Through the Unfamiliar, For the Novelty Of Gain! 
\guykawasaki- Trump faces revolt of the generals 
\guykawasaki- Study tracks the universality of music’s impact 
\guykawasaki- Bloomberg spends big to challenge Trump on his home court: Facebook 
\guykawasaki- Michael Bloomberg’s Campaign Suddenly Drops Memes Everywhere 
\guykawasaki- It happens even in business too. 
\guykawasaki- Thinking about past generations could help us tackle climate change 
\guykawasaki- Wee Man: How a Cali Skater Jumped on the Screen and Grabbed Worldwide Fame Great interview… 
\guykawasaki- Electric Cars Are Better For The Environment Than A 50 MPG Gasoline Car: Report 
\guykawasaki- Susan Collins’ defense of her Trump vote just keeps looking worse and worse 
\guykawasaki- Televangelist Sells $125 ‘Silver Solution’ as Cure for Coronavirus 
\guykawasaki- Tennessee Republican fights tax-free tampon bill, says people may buy too many tampons 
\guykawasaki- How Trump Boxed the EPA Out of a Major Climate Rollback - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- A Conservative Judge Draws a Line in the Sand With the Trump Administration 
\guykawasaki- Former OSU Wrestler: Jim Jordan ‘Called Me Crying’ After Strauss Abuse Allegation | NBC News 
\guykawasaki- Duh. Centrist Democrats rethink alliances as Biden crumbles 
\guykawasaki- The single biggest social problem in the world today is the lack of engagement: World-champ… 
\guykawasaki- Thank you, Andrew Yang 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE: Learn how to create a wave of purpose and positive change from my next remarkable guest: @ShaunTomson.… 
\guykawasaki- What can old stars teach us about the birth of our galaxy? 
\guykawasaki- Senate GOP blocks three election security bills | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Roger Stone: prosecutors quit after DoJ signals plan to reduce sentence 
\guykawasaki- How Amy Klobuchar Pulled Off the Big Surprise of the New Hampshire Primary 
\guykawasaki- You're going to love this podcast episode with Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Exper… 
\guykawasaki- The Flu Season May Yet Turn Ugly, C.D.C. Warns 😷 
\guykawasaki- The case for Michael Bloomberg. 
\guykawasaki- The Case for New States - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- “It has been proven that the universe is computationally equivalent to my ego.” Stephen Wolfram… 
\guykawasaki- Fed chief issues stark warning to Congress on deficits | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- My interview with @ShaunTomson is going live at midnight. 🏄🏻‍♂️ 👉🏻Find it at Shaun lives… 
\guykawasaki- The limited consequences of sequences. 
\guykawasaki- Wow! Few things are what they seem. 
\guykawasaki- The U.S. Military Is Not Ready for a Constitutional Crisis 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s greatest vulnerability is the economy – just ask poor Americans 
\guykawasaki- Polly Share A Cracker? Parrots Can Practice Acts Of Kindness, Study Finds 
\guykawasaki- The door is open for Bloomberg | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Steve Wozniak: When Apple got 'big money' Steve Jobs' personality 'changed' Thanks… 
\guykawasaki- Stuff from my checkered past... 
\guykawasaki- Martha Stewart: Crafter, Baker, and Empire-Maker #RemarkablePeople #podcast #newepisode 📸… 
\guykawasaki- How zinc can shorten a cold. 
\guykawasaki- Tell Me A Story: What Narratives Reveal About The Mind 
\guykawasaki- Michael Bloomberg unveils immigration plan including place-based visas 
\guykawasaki- The coronavirus effect on the US economy 
\guykawasaki- Blue-collar bust. 
\guykawasaki- Meet @stevewoz - better known simply as Woz. He's the co-founder of Apple, a pirate, computer geek, hardware wizard… 
\guykawasaki- Why you should wash your hands...NOW 🦠 
\guykawasaki- In the Long Run, Romney Wins 
\guykawasaki- Lol. Trump ‘Is Not a Racist’ Because the ‘People Who Wash Dishes’ at Mar-a-Lago ‘Love Him,’ Says Ben Carson 
\guykawasaki- Meet Andrew Yang, 2020 Democratic Presidential Candidate. He’s known as “the internet’s favorite candidate” with su… 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- The origins of Mercedes’ three-pointed star logo 
\guykawasaki- Requiem for an Impeachment 
\guykawasaki- Trump, after surviving impeachment, could face charges if he loses election - 
\guykawasaki- Majority of New Hampshire Democrats Would Prefer a Meteor Extinguish ‘All Human Life’ Than Trump Get Re-Elected: Po… 
\guykawasaki- One of my favorite people in the world, @ariannahuff : Risk-taker, Creator, and Sleep Advocator Ckick through and H… 
\guykawasaki- The Real Mitt Romney 
\guykawasaki- New Report on 138 Coronavirus Cases Reveals Disturbing Details 
\guykawasaki- The myth of the manufacturing jobs renaissance 
\guykawasaki- Two Types of Digital Marketers: The Tortoise and The Hare Which are you? 🐢 or 🐰 
\guykawasaki- Harvard study: Luxury products make you feel bad about yourself 
\guykawasaki- Dr. @RobertCialdini : The Psychology Powering Influence and Persuasion #remarkablepeople… 
\guykawasaki- The Social Media Rule of Thirds and 3 Best Practices for Social Media Management 
\guykawasaki- Why Would a Billionaire Charge the Secret Service $650 a Night? 
\guykawasaki- Trump Unleashed - The Boston Globe 
\guykawasaki- Duh. Key impeachment witness Vindman fired from White House job 
\guykawasaki- Pre-surf lunch seabrightdeli 
\guykawasaki- My new @rainbow_fins 
\guykawasaki- The Apple co-founders viewed money very differently. 
\guykawasaki- ‘Clog the lines’: Internet trolls deliberately disrupted the Iowa caucuses hotline for reporting results 
\guykawasaki- NEW! Wee Man on #RemarkablePeople: California Dreamer Ollies to Jackass Fame with Crazy Stunts… 
\guykawasaki- “Most entrepreneurs start with an idea, and I start with a category. I try to figure out what is the cultural shift… 
\guykawasaki- The power of rituals. 
\guykawasaki- Rush Limbaugh isn’t Rosa Parks, Neil Armstrong or Georgia O’Keeffe 
\guykawasaki- Trump finalizes plans to open Utah monuments for mining and drilling 
\guykawasaki- He is. Trust me. Make America Think Honestly, Humanely, Harder, Holistically. 
\guykawasaki- How to Be a Remarkable Speaker 
\guykawasaki- Steve Jobs was always talking about important people like Shakespeare who’d changed the world. And then he changed… 
\guykawasaki- Leaving food and water not a crime. 
\guykawasaki- 51 invertebrates 
\guykawasaki- Loved this video about lighting. My lighting sucks. I'm going to fix that. 
\guykawasaki- How Mitt Romney Decided Trump Is Guilty 
\guykawasaki- If you're a tech entrepreneur, you must listen to this interview of Steve Wozniak. 
\guykawasaki- The Absurd Structure of High School - GEN 
\guykawasaki- Evangelist preacher Franklin Graham planned a seven-city UK tour. All seven venues have dropped him 
\guykawasaki- Wozniak talked about the early days of Apple and how success changed Jobs. 
\guykawasaki- BRAND NEW EPISODE: @SteveWoz : The Wonderful Wizard of Woz 🎧 #remarkablepeople #podcast 
\guykawasaki- The 2020 Election Will Be a War of Disinformation 
\guykawasaki- Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Experiment, looks back at how the experiment was pla… 
\guykawasaki- And so checks and balances ends and oaths are meaningless. 
\guykawasaki- Parkland father removed from State of the Union speech after shouting at Trump 
\guykawasaki- Your tax dollars at war. 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE! Simply say, Hey Siri [or Alexa], play Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People podcast with Steve Wozniak! 🎧… 
\guykawasaki- Does Woz have to wait in line for the new iPhone? #remarkablepeople #technology Find out here 
\guykawasaki- NEW! @SteveWoz : Pirate, Co-founder of Apple, and Hardware Wizard LISTEN HERE 👨🏻‍💻 
\guykawasaki- From the mouth of kids... 
\guykawasaki- Hey #YangGang, @AndrewYang will be in #KeeneNH tonight. Listen to my recent interview with him:… 
\guykawasaki- Baking your way out of stress. 
\guykawasaki- She is a bad-ass. 
\guykawasaki- State of the Union 2020: Trump just gave Americans a lesson in white history 
\guykawasaki- I feel so French at Colette in Redwood City. @ Mademoiselle Colette 
\guykawasaki- Buggy software is a crisis, but election hacking is okay. We've lost our minds. 
\guykawasaki- Your favorite writers, comics, and athletes are tweeting outrageous true stories that sound like fiction… 
\guykawasaki- Truth, science, birds, forests...what's left? 
\guykawasaki- Warning: your head might explode by listening to this episode though Stephen Wolfram describes what he does as simp… 
\guykawasaki- 6 ways to boost your productivity by managing your energy (not your time) 
\guykawasaki- America needs a new message 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s land mines rollback is the last straw for veterans 
\guykawasaki- Have you ever wondered how Margaret Atwood writes books? In this episode of Remarkable People, she explains her tac… 
\guykawasaki- Guy explains how to be a remarkable speaker. 
\guykawasaki- Understanding the plight of Syrians. 
\guykawasaki- Wow, go Boris! 
\guykawasaki- Quitting 101. 
\guykawasaki- What’s wrong with this guy? Rand Paul reads alleged name of Ukraine whistleblower on Senate floor 
\guykawasaki- The Supreme Court May No Longer Have the Legitimacy to Resolve a Disputed Election 
\guykawasaki- Interesting way to run an election...MATH. Make America Tally Harder. 
\guykawasaki- The Next Trump Crisis Is Already Here - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- I am helping a friend get some real data on the topic of mental health in the workplace, something that is finally… 
\guykawasaki- I am helping a friend get some real data on the topic of mental health in the workplace, something that is finally… 
\guykawasaki- Almost all of us are technically immigrants... 
\guykawasaki- What Will It Take to Stop Coronavirus? 
\guykawasaki- Krystal and Saagar dismantle ridiculous attack on Andrew Yang 
\guykawasaki- Martha Stewart: Lessons from Martha on perfection and life. It's a good thing. A bite-sized episode of… 
\guykawasaki- Coronavirus: Track the virus' spread with this world map tool 
\guykawasaki- Watch it again. The owners' heads are going to explode. 
\guykawasaki- Watch it again. The owners' heads are going to explode. 
\guykawasaki- Greta Thunberg nominated for Nobel Peace Prize 
\guykawasaki- Why Brexit has not and will not trigger EU disintegration 
\guykawasaki- You can’t make this stuff up. Pompeo raises freedom of the press after clash with NPR reporter | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Go ahead: astound us. The penalty Donald Trump should get for Ukraine scandal if the Senate acquits 
\guykawasaki- Data is so over-rated. ‘They literally take food off their table’ 
\guykawasaki- The Trump administration has made the U.S. less ready for infectious disease outbreaks like coronavirus 
\guykawasaki- How quickly some Asian Americans forget. How Andrew Yang Quieted the Asian American Right 
\guykawasaki- Could @AndrewYang be the future President of the United States? In this episode of Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People… 
\guykawasaki- What was your favorite SB commerical? 
\guykawasaki- Yang is probably better at geography too. For that matter, I wonder if Pompeo can point out the state that the Chie… 
\guykawasaki- Nothing is simple. 
\guykawasaki- How the decline in hunting is negatively impacting conservation. 
\guykawasaki- What I learned watching Andrew Yang barnstorm rural Iowa 
\guykawasaki- Are you interested in thriving, not merely surviving? You'll LOVE this interview with my special guest,… 
\guykawasaki- What Andrew Yang Has Already Achieved 
\guykawasaki- Handing Canada the future. Indians Immigrating To Canada At An Astonishing Rate 
\guykawasaki- How to avoid feeling burned out when traveling for work 
\guykawasaki- Mitch McConnell Took Money From Trump Lawyers Before Impeachment Trial 
\guykawasaki- Lol. Joe Biden Could Be Impeached by GOP Over Ukraine if He Wins, Iowa Senator Says 
\guykawasaki- Meet Dr. @RobertCialdini is the “godfather of influence.” His book, Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion, is the… 
\guykawasaki- Don’t Underestimate the Market Power of the 50+ Crowd 
\guykawasaki- How The Iowa Caucuses Work — And Why They’re Important 
\guykawasaki- If You Don’t Know How to Say Someone’s Name, Just Ask 
\guykawasaki- ‘Deaf’ genius Beethoven was able to hear his final symphony after all 
\guykawasaki- Does It Matter Who the Democrats Choose? 
\guykawasaki- Hear SE Cupp’s harsh words for Republicans 
\guykawasaki- Should be left. It’s true. Someone Just Edited The Senate’s Wikipedia Page In The Most Savage Way 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE! @AndrewYang: the Crazy Smart Asian - running for president in 2020 🇺🇸 LISTEN here &gt;&gt;… 
\guykawasaki- Duh. Trump not expected to apologize or admit any wrongdoing after anticipated acquittal 
\guykawasaki- These are things that we value the most in our lives in many, many respects that we’re doing less and less of now t… 
\guykawasaki- and I’m going to throw a lot of journalism into this category too, because we’re putting hundreds and hundreds of l… 
\guykawasaki- So look at the things that are right now, yet zero value in our market economy, so that’s stay at home moms, caregi… 
\guykawasaki- So the human-centered economy that we have to aspire to consists of more people doing the kind of work that we both… 
\guykawasaki- Answer from @andrewYang2020 This is then something that we’ve been projecting for a long time. It was Keynes who sa… 
\guykawasaki- Question from #RemarkablePeople this week: In this Yangian future of robots and automation and AI, people are worki… 
\guykawasaki- Success is not WHAT you see but HOW you see 
\guykawasaki- Here’s what we’ve learned from Trump’s impeachment trial 
\guykawasaki- How did @IamWeeMan make it big? Meet Jason Acuna: Pro Skater, Stuntman, and Savvy Investor 
\guykawasaki- The Senate Impeachment Trial Reveals Priorities 
\guykawasaki- How rituals can prevent you from burning out 
\guykawasaki- You can use your Global Entry card as a Real ID 
\guykawasaki- Confidence in Democracy Is at a Low Point - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- The beginning of the end of the American experiment. GOP rallies to stop witnesses in impeachment trial 
\guykawasaki- The Cheering Crowds in Trump’s Big Super Bowl Ad Were Forced to Be There 
\guykawasaki- One man's experience without a smartphone from @thrive Not having a cell phone means, of co… 
\guykawasaki- Did I Just Get Yanged? 
\guykawasaki- GREAT EPISODE 🎧 #remarkablepeople #podcast 
\guykawasaki- The beautiful balance between courage and fear 
\guykawasaki- The secret weapon that let dinosaurs take over the planet 
\guykawasaki- You meet the nicest people after you interview @andrewyang. @antonio #yanggang 
\guykawasaki- Can Face Masks Prevent Coronavirus? Here’s What Medical Experts Say : Goats and Soda 
\guykawasaki- Embracing the deep, dark winter as a space for new growth 
\guykawasaki- Trump administration expected to loosen restrictions on use of landmines 
\guykawasaki- Meet @AndrewYang, 2020 Democratic Presidential Candidate. He’s known as “the internet’s favorite candidate” with su… 
\guykawasaki- Get your Yang ringtone here: 📲 #yanggang #yangganglove #YangTone #remarkablepeople #andrewyang 
\guykawasaki- “I’m running for president so that we can look back on this period twenty years from now and say that democracy has… 
\guykawasaki- Mitch McConnell’s rare blunder 
\guykawasaki- Why you should focus on microsteps vs resolutions this year 
\guykawasaki- Portion of US border wall in California falls over in high winds and lands on Mexican side 
\guykawasaki- "I think I can eviscerate Trump on a debate stage." Listen to the Andrew Yang interview here:… 
\guykawasaki- Question: Do you think that bad people create bad times or bad times create bad people? Margaret Atwood: "O… 
\guykawasaki- Question: In a debate with Trump, what would be your strategy? @AndrewYang I think I can eviscerate Trump in the de… 
\guykawasaki- Writing, podcasting, and "denting the universe." 
\guykawasaki- Why It Pays to Tell the Truth 
\guykawasaki- Question: Do you think that politicians believe 💩they say? #remarkablepeople #yanggang #wednesdaywisdom 
\guykawasaki- Could @AndrewYang be the future President of the United States? In this episode of Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People… 
\guykawasaki- 3 Great Ways to Force Yourself to Be More Grateful (and a Little Happier) 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE! @AndrewYang: the crazy, smart Asian - running for president in 2020 🇺🇸 LISTEN here &gt;&gt;… 
\guykawasaki- Pentagon now says 50 service members suffered brain injuries from Iran attack 
\guykawasaki- A Monstrous Fraud Was Perpetrated on the Senate, and John Roberts Had to Know It 
\guykawasaki- Pompeo Called Me a ‘Liar.’ That’s Not What Bothers Me. 
\guykawasaki- John Bolton Knows What He’s Doing 
\guykawasaki- Mostert’s surfing pals revel in 49ers RB’s rise: ‘Everyone is hyped’ 
\guykawasaki- 20 Questions that Will Open Your Mind in 2020 
\guykawasaki- Newspapers From Elizabeth Warren’s State Endorse Andrew Yang for President 
\guykawasaki- Coronavirus | About | Prevention and Treatment | CDC 
\guykawasaki- Lol. The Utter Ridiculousness of the U.S. Senate 
\guykawasaki- ‘Thou shalt not be indifferent’: from Auschwitz’s gate of hell, a last, desperate warning 
\guykawasaki- How to Implement Mindfulness in your Work Routine 
\guykawasaki- Loved chatting with Martha Stewart is the original “influencer.” 📸 credit @ThePhotagonist… 
\guykawasaki- Feeling stressed out at the office? Calmly find a friendly plant, and look at it 
\guykawasaki- Some Media Outlets Are Gaslighting Us About Joe Rogan 
\guykawasaki- Lab turns trash into valuable graphene in a flash 
\guykawasaki- The US is handing the tech future to Canada, eh? 
\guykawasaki- Essential Tips On How to Manage Work Emails Without Losing Productivity 
\guykawasaki- Getting crowded under the bus. GOP senators privately demanding to know why White House set them up to take the fal… 
\guykawasaki- The Great Bubble Barrier uses bubbles to fight plastic pollution in ri 
\guykawasaki- Saving Half of Income: 5 Steps to Effortlessly Save Money Every Month 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump questions why NPR exists after Pompeo clashes with reporter | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Poll Results Put Andrew Yang Back On The Democratic Debate Stage 
\guykawasaki- Emails cast further doubt on Pompeo’s claim NPR reporter lied to him 
\guykawasaki- Dr. @RobertCialdini is the “godfather of influence.” He is to changing people’s minds what Martha Stewart is to cha… 
\guykawasaki- NPR Journalist Answers Trump After He Questions Why Organization Exists 
\guykawasaki- The Most Common Smartphone Myths Finally Debunked 
\guykawasaki- 9 Rules for Living a Good Life (The Source Might Shock You) 
\guykawasaki- Wee Man: How a Cali Skater Jumped on the Screen and Grabbed Worldwide Fame Great interview… 
\guykawasaki- Wee Man: How a Cali Skater Jumped on the Screen and Grabbed Worldwide Fame Great interview… 
\guykawasaki- Is Chipotle Healthy? A Nutritionist Weighs In 
\guykawasaki- What if It Were Obama on Trial? 
\guykawasaki- She is the queen of thriving, that elusive and seemingly oxymoronic combination of health, wealth, and happiness. L… 
\guykawasaki- Go! 
\guykawasaki- The Connection Between Sugar and Cancer You Might Not Know About 
\guykawasaki- The truth about Trump’s lies 
\guykawasaki- How 5G will Fuel AI 
\guykawasaki- You're going to love this podcast episode with Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Exper… 
\guykawasaki- His work was a big influence on me. RIP, Clayton. Clayton Christensen, author of “The Innovator’s Dilemma,” has pas… 
\guykawasaki- Twitter’s new reply blockers could let Trump hide critics 
\guykawasaki- U.S. Showing ‘Many’ Genocide Warning Signs Under Trump, Expert Says: ‘I Am Very, Very Worried’ 
\guykawasaki- Go, George, go! 
\guykawasaki- Farewell, don’t @ me. Twitter will test a way to let you limit replies to your tweets 
\guykawasaki- Pollute America again. E.P.A. Is Letting Cities Dump More Raw Sewage Into Rivers for Years to Come 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE! One of my favorite people in the world, @ariannahuff : Risk-taker, Creator, and Sleep Advocator Ckick… 
\guykawasaki- Evangelicalism Is Dead. We Need a New Label for Our Faith 
\guykawasaki- Will online privacy make a comeback in 2020? 
\guykawasaki- Evangelicals Love Trump’s Praise More than God’s 
\guykawasaki- GOP will figure out a way—maybe opening polls for young people from midnight to 1 am. Americans under 30 support im… 
\guykawasaki- 5 brutally funny cartoons about Mitch McConnell’s impeachment rules 
\guykawasaki- Davos ends with disagreement on climate and Greta Thunberg on the march 
\guykawasaki- 34 US service members diagnosed with traumatic brain injuries after Iranian missile strike 
\guykawasaki- Looking out for #1. How Republicans made millions on the 2017 tax cuts they pushed through Congress 
\guykawasaki- Here’s What Happened to the Theranos Headquarters 
\guykawasaki- Joe Biden Is Stronger Than You Think 
\guykawasaki- Start Fresh: 6 Tips For Emotional Well-Being In 2020 
\guykawasaki- SMH. ‘Take her out’: Recording appears to capture Trump talking about firing ambassador 
\guykawasaki- My Grandmother Kept Telling Us About the Nazis. Now I Know Why. 
\guykawasaki- False and Misleading Claims at Impeachment Trial 
\guykawasaki- Margaret Atwood is an inspiration to everyone who is trying to resist a dystopian, theocratic, fascist society:… 
\guykawasaki- It’s Steven Mnuchin, not Greta Thunberg, who should listen to economists on climate change 
\guykawasaki- Hope, Happiness And Social Connection: Hidden Benefits Of Regular Exercise 
\guykawasaki- SMH. GOP senators turn to fidget spinners during Trump impeachment trial 
\guykawasaki- GOP, the deficit party. National Debt Increased by $3 Trillion During Donald Trump’s Three Years as President 
\guykawasaki- Travel Photographer of the Year 2019 winners 
\guykawasaki- Make America Hypocritical Again. Democrats play 1999 video of Lindsey Graham talking about impeachment to bolster c… 
\guykawasaki- 36 Hours in Honolulu 
\guykawasaki- Canada has its problems, and we have ours. 
\guykawasaki- The stupidly simple idea that would fix USB's biggest design flaw 
\guykawasaki- Have you tried LinkedIn direct messages? 👩‍💻👨🏻‍💻 '10 cold calls can take more than an hour, 10 LinkedIn messages (f… 
\guykawasaki- Are you interested in thriving, not merely surviving? You'll LOVE this interview with my special guest,… 
\guykawasaki- These Tiny Nuclear Power Stations Could Be, Well, Huge 
\guykawasaki- Male CEOs continue to not care about the gender pay gap 
\guykawasaki- Facebook finally found a reason to be offended by Trump: Campaign ads with fake buttons 
\guykawasaki- Guykawasaki Live on Jan 22 at 7:54pm 
\guykawasaki- Just went LIVE on Linkedin: #remarkablepeople #LinkedIn 
\guykawasaki- This plant-based food pyramid will help you build the ultimate healthy, sustainable diet 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump dismisses injuries of US military troops, proves (again) there is no bottom 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE: @ariannahuff Thriving, Redefining Success, and Creating a Life of Well-Being LISTEN HERE 🎧… 
\guykawasaki- The deadly new coronavirus has reached the US. Here’s how to protect yourself 
\guykawasaki- Our environment shapes our personality much more than we think 
\guykawasaki- “It has been proven that the universe is computationally equivalent to my ego.” Stephen Wolfram… 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE! One of my favorite people in the world, @ariannahuff : Risk-taker, Creator, and Sleep Advocator Ckick… 
\guykawasaki- This coding legend knows the secret to fixing Big Tech's most pervasive problem 
\guykawasaki- Martha Stewart: Crafter, Baker, and Empire-Maker NEW EPISODE of #RemarkablePeople #podcast… 
\guykawasaki- Find the WiFi Password For Almost Any Airport Lounge Using This Free Map 
\guykawasaki- I quit law school after a week. I Quit Yale 
\guykawasaki- What the facts? Fact-checking 3 pillars of the White House impeachment defense 
\guykawasaki- Tech firms look for solutions as data centers use huge amounts of power to fuel streaming and social media.… 
\guykawasaki- The 49ers shall win. 
\guykawasaki- Internal Macintosh Promo Video (feat. Steve Jobs) — The Apple Archive 
\guykawasaki- Railroad America again. Impeachment resolution shortens trial’s opening arguments to two days per side 
\guykawasaki- "You can’t legislate a change in people’s opinions, but by changing laws to make them fair, you give people the ide… 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE: Dr. @RobertCialdini : The Psychology Powering Influence and Persuasion 
\guykawasaki- Warning: your head might explode by listening to this episode as @stephen_wolfram describes what he does as simply… 
\guykawasaki- The biology of coffee, the world’s most popular drink 
\guykawasaki- NEW! @iamweeman on #RemarkablePeople: California Dreamer Ollies to Jackass Fame with Crazy Stunts… 
\guykawasaki- Senate Republicans Are Bathed in Shame 
\guykawasaki- Meat and dairy production alone account for 14.5 percent of the world’s greenhouse gas emissions — as much each yea… 
\guykawasaki- Alan Dershowitz: Trump impeachment acquittal would make me unhappy 
\guykawasaki- How to unclog a toilet without a plunger because, really, that’s just gross - CNET 
\guykawasaki- What happens when people are 'canceled' and how it destroys their lives. 
\guykawasaki- What Are Republicans Covering Up in Trump’s Impeachment? 
\guykawasaki- I visited a convenience store in Japan and it’s so much better than ones in the US 
\guykawasaki- A 9-year-old created a portrait of John Cena with 750 Rubik’s Cubes. His ‘superpower’ helped 
\guykawasaki- National Archives Apologizes For Blurring Anti-Trump Signs In 2017 Women’s March Photo 
\guykawasaki- Have you ever wondered how Margaret Atwood writes books? In this episode of Remarkable People, she explains her tac… 
\guykawasaki- Trump administration proposes changing school menus to allow more potatoes and pizza and fewer vegetables and fruit… 
\guykawasaki- These guys are nuts. 
\guykawasaki- Warning: your head might explode by listening to this episode though Stephen Wolfram describes what he does as simp… 
\guykawasaki- ‘The red wall is cracking’: Buttigieg gets ovation after expecting protests 
\guykawasaki- These Creative Strategies Will Help You Fit Movement in Your Day Without Having to Hit the Gym… 
\guykawasaki- Jean-Paul Gaultier bows out as fashion designer after 50 years 
\guykawasaki- Jack Reacher series author Lee Child ‘quits and lets brother step in’ 
\guykawasaki- Republicans Are About to Show Just How Low They’ll Go to Save Trump 
\guykawasaki- How Wikipedia’s volunteer army combats misinformation in the ‘post-truth’ era 
\guykawasaki- Arnold Schwarzenegger Is Not Impressed 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump administration’s USDA proposes changing school menus to allow more fries and pizza and fewer vegetables… 
\guykawasaki- How to create momentum to accomplish your goals in 2020 
\guykawasaki- International Bonhoeffer Society Calls for 'Ending Donald Trump's Presidency' in 'Statement of Concern' 
\guykawasaki- Meet Dr. @RobertCialdini is the “godfather of influence.” His book, Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion, is the… 
\guykawasaki- One lesson has become clear in the three generations since a majority of married mothers entered the paid labor for… 
\guykawasaki- Why Iran’s Economy Has Not Collapsed Amid U.S. Sanctions And ‘Maximum Pressure’ 
\guykawasaki- Evelyn Yang reveals she was sexually assaulted by her OB-GYN while pregnant 
\guykawasaki- Border Wall Threatens National Wildlife Refuge That’s Been 40 Years In The Making : NPR 
\guykawasaki- Let's help independent musicians! 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- Comparing yourself to others is natural, but it doesn’t always give you an accurate picture of other people’s lives… 
\guykawasaki- Men are starting to play by the same rules as women in at least one area of tech — resorting to cosmetic procedures… 
\guykawasaki- How did @IamWeeMan make it big? Meet Jason Acuna: Pro Skater, Stuntman, and Savvy Investor 
\guykawasaki- What’s New with LinkedIn Pages: Helping You Humanize Your Brand 
\guykawasaki- Effective and purposeful leadership means being inclusive, inspiring, and a little bit iconoclastic.… 
\guykawasaki- Netflix is bringing the U.K.’s popular game show ‘The Circle’ to the United States. And it all started with ‘Rear W… 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE: Dr. @RobertCialdini is the “godfather of influence.” He is to changing people’s minds what Martha Stew… 
\guykawasaki- Winners of the 2019 Ocean Art Underwater Photo Contest 
\guykawasaki- Twitter’s big bet on topics and lists is just getting started 
\guykawasaki- NEW EPISODE: Dr. @RobertCialdini : The Psychology Powering Influence and Persuasion 
\guykawasaki- The Stanford Prison Experiment: A Look Back with Psychologist Dr. Philip Zimbardo NEW EPISODE 🎧… 
\guykawasaki- The Craziest Writing Methods of Famous Authors 
\guykawasaki- NEW on the podcast: @MarthaStewart is the original “influencer.” 📸 credit @ThePhotagonist… 
\guykawasaki- I’m so honored to be getting this recognition from Keizai Silicon Valley. If you're San Francisco, please join us o… 
\guykawasaki- Conservative group slams Burger King for using ‘damn’ in Whopper ad 
\guykawasaki- 4-year-old who wasn’t vaccinated against flu goes blind from virus | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Forget Big Goals–Why Tiny Habits Change Everything, According to a Stanford Behavioral Scientist 
\guykawasaki- The New York Public Library Has Calculated Its Most Checked-Out Books Of All Time 
\guykawasaki- The Tech That Will Invade Our Lives in 2020 
\guykawasaki- Question: Do you think that bad people create bad times or bad times create bad people? Margaret Atwood: "O… 
\guykawasaki- This four-minute interview can show you how much can be accomplished in such a short time if you’re a Martha Stewar… 
\guykawasaki- What Happened When a State Made Food Stamps Harder to Get 
\guykawasaki- A Transamerica Center survey found 50% of workers don’t expect to retire at 65. The conventional wisdom—save enough… 
\guykawasaki- Stephen Wolfram: Fascinating Interview with a Modern Day Genius #remarkablepeople #podcast 
\guykawasaki- The alarming truth about how sugar ruins your sleep 
\guykawasaki- 17-year-old discovers planet 6.9 times larger than Earth on third day of internship with NASA… 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Esper said he ‘didn’t see’ intelligence backing up Trump claim Iran was preparing to attack 4 embassies 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- Wee Man: How a Cali Skater Jumped on the Screen and Grabbed Worldwide Fame Great interview… 
\guykawasaki- Question: If you could master one of Martha's mad skills, what would it be? #remarkablepeople… 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Rick Santorum: Trump’s anti-Obama conspiracy theories are ‘a lot more important’ than impeachment 
\guykawasaki- After 68 days, hunger strikers in ICE custody are on the brink of death 
\guykawasaki- What Happens In Your Brain When You Make Art : Shots - Health News 
\guykawasaki- You're going to love this podcast episode with Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Exper… 
\guykawasaki- Scientific Strategies for Healthier Eating 
\guykawasaki- One coach did the right thing. Former Ohio State fencing coach sounded alarm on abusive doctor decades ago 
\guykawasaki- How bad can the climate crisis get if Trump wins again? 
\guykawasaki- Cambridge Analytica used these 5 political ads to target voters 
\guykawasaki- Studying the creativity and intelligence of the octopus 
\guykawasaki- Study: 99% of asylum seekers show up for immigration court hearings 
\guykawasaki- A bite-sized interview with the remarkable @MarthaStewart for #remarkablepeople. FULL episode here:… 
\guykawasaki- Three Ways to Refresh and Renew—No Resolutions Needed 
\guykawasaki- 3 Science-Backed Strategies to Build Healthy Habits in the New Year 
\guykawasaki- Eight revelations from MIT’s Jeffrey Epstein report 
\guykawasaki- Martha Stewart: Crafter, Baker, and Empire-Maker NEW EPISODE of #RemarkablePeople #podcast… 
\guykawasaki- Dealing With a Cough This Winter? Doctors Are Backing Chocolate As the Remedy 
\guykawasaki- 10 Passionate People Who Changed The World 
\guykawasaki- 3 Things You Need to Stop Doing to Get Started 
\guykawasaki- Love it. How a High Schooler Scooped Everyone on the Iowa Poll 
\guykawasaki- The Real Backstory of Why Trump Ordered the Killing of Suleimani Is Becoming More Clear 
\guykawasaki- Right-wing hawk attack tactics aren’t working this time — and here’s why 
\guykawasaki- “The way the system is set up now, there is so much racism that it’s going to have to be an old white person to go… 
\guykawasaki- 7 Tips for Coping with Stress Effectively 
\guykawasaki- Greg Abbott’s decision on refugees is disappointing and out of step with Texan values 
\guykawasaki- Margaret Atwood is an inspiration to everyone who is trying to resist a dystopian, theocratic, fascist society:… 
\guykawasaki- Lying to your kids could make them more dishonest and less well-adjusted as adults 
\guykawasaki- The Best Things in Texas: The New Freedom Riders 
\guykawasaki- Who Signs Up to Fight? Makeup of U.S. Recruits Shows Glaring Disparity 
\guykawasaki- Make America Xenophobic Again. White House considering dramatic expansion of travel ban 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump Complains About Not Winning the Nobel Peace Prize Days After Threatening to Commit War Crimes. 
\guykawasaki- Trump Broke It. Now He Owns It. 
\guykawasaki- Barbara Lee's anti-war push succeeds on Iran. 
\guykawasaki- What to Do With All Those Cables and Cords You've Hoarded. 
\guykawasaki- And a planeful of people died Report: Trump Ordered Iran Strike Because of Impeachment Fears 
\guykawasaki- And a planeful of people died Report: Trump Ordered Iran Strike Because of Impeachment Fears 
\guykawasaki- How 'Lock Her Up!' just blew up. 
\guykawasaki- Welcome to Hawaii’s ‘plastic beach’, one of the world’s dirtiest places 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump’s rant against Iran is the howl of a dying empire | Simon Jenkins 
\guykawasaki- 7 (more) board games to help kids think big 
\guykawasaki- Do economic sanctions work? Freakonomics 
\guykawasaki- The great dismantling of America’s national parks is under way 
\guykawasaki- How to build your willpower and keep your resolutions, according to science 
\guykawasaki- How a 32-year-old turned a high school yearbook idea into a $3.2 billion business 
\guykawasaki- 54 Percent of Employers Have Eliminated a Candidate Based on Social Media. Time to Clean Up Your Feed (and Tags) 
\guykawasaki- We’re Just Discovering the Price of Killing Soleimani 
\guykawasaki- How a 32-year-old turned a high school yearbook idea into a $3.2 billion business 
\guykawasaki- 5 scathing cartoons about Trump’s Iran mess 
\guykawasaki- Activists use shocking social media imagery to inspire action in the fight against plastic pollution. 
\guykawasaki- High bar. Esper: Intelligence on Soleimani ‘more than razor thin’ 
\guykawasaki- This is what happened when one person stopped drinking for a month 
\guykawasaki- It's all about the base. What happened to Nikki Haley?. 
\guykawasaki- Something my wife will never have to deal with. 
\guykawasaki- History will not be kind. What Will Happen to The Trump Toadies?. 
\guykawasaki- Here are the best Twitter jokes about Harry and Meghan leaving the royal family 
\guykawasaki- NEW on the podcast: @MarthaStewart is the original “influencer.” 📸 credit @ThePhotagonist… 
\guykawasaki- I love @MargaretAtwood’s message and appreciate her efforts to prevent the end of the world. Her latest book is The… 
\guykawasaki- What does a rhinoceros have to do with Remarkable People? 🦏 You'll have to listen to find out! TUNE IN HERE ➡️… 
\guykawasaki- Immigrants are an economic boon to America | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Rand Paul, Mike Lee rip administration over 'insulting and demeaning' Iran briefing | TheHill. 
\guykawasaki- Iran Missile Attack: Satellite Images Show Damage From Apparent Precision Strike : NPR 
\guykawasaki- Florida Republicans’ Voter Suppression Scheme May Backfire 
\guykawasaki- Martha Stewart: Crafter, Baker, and Empire-Maker NEW EPISODE of #RemarkablePeople #podcast… 
\guykawasaki- Evangelicals using religion for political gain is nothing new. It is a US tradition | Reverend William Barber 
\guykawasaki- A beautiful thing happened after coal-fired plants were shut down in the U.S. | MNN - Mother Nature Network 
\guykawasaki- NEW on #RemarkablePeople &gt;&gt; Martha Stewart: Crafter, Baker, and Empire-Maker CLICK HERE to be inspired 🎧 … 
\guykawasaki- “It has been proven that the universe is computationally equivalent to my ego.” Stephen Wolfram… 
\guykawasaki- NEW! @iamweeman on #RemarkablePeople: California Dreamer Ollies to Jackass Fame with Crazy Stunts… 
\guykawasaki- In Case Anyone Needs More Proof the Trump Administration Is in Over Its Head With Iran… 
\guykawasaki- Shutdown of US coal power facilities saved over 26,000 lives, study finds. 
\guykawasaki- Only one month left to register for the Laserfiche Empower Conference, where I'll be a keynote speaker. #LFEmpower… 
\guykawasaki- GOP moderates side with McConnell over Bolton testimony. 
\guykawasaki- New Hope for Migraine Sufferers. 
\guykawasaki- Bonfire of the Absurdities. McConnell’s coverup for Trump cannot make this one thing disappear 
\guykawasaki- Trump the Intimidator Fails Again. 
\guykawasaki- The influencer lifestyle can look amazing, but uncertain incomes, performative vulnerability and the hustle for spo… 
\guykawasaki- Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Experiment, looks back at how the experiment was pla… 
\guykawasaki- Australia’s Wildfires Are So Hot, They’re Generating Thunder and Lightning About 130 fires continue to burn across… 
\guykawasaki- The West Side of Manhattan is sizing up to become a veritable "Little Silicon Valley," says The New York Times. The… 
\guykawasaki- Seriously? Top general says letter suggesting US would withdraw troops from Iraq was a ‘mistake’ 
\guykawasaki- One has a choice? Bolton Is Willing to Testify in Trump’s Impeachment Trial 
\guykawasaki- Compare this to what government spends money on. Death index: Top 50 ways Americans die 
\guykawasaki- Have you ever wondered how Margaret Atwood writes books? In this episode of Remarkable People, she explains her tac… 
\guykawasaki- On Iran, one presidential contender rises to the moment. Another doesn’t. 
\guykawasaki- Can this preacher’s progressive version of evangelical Christianity catch on with a new generation? - The Washingto… 
\guykawasaki- SMH. The disturbing history behind Trump’s threat to target Iranian cultural sites 
\guykawasaki- Best use of old Macs @thecampanile @ Palo Alto High School 
\guykawasaki- Warning: your head might explode by listening to this episode though Stephen Wolfram describes what he does as simp… 
\guykawasaki- The digital side of deportation: The use of technology in immigration enforcement – Verde Magazine 
\guykawasaki- This is their lane: Stanford doctors address the issue of gun violence – Verde Magazine 
\guykawasaki- How did @IamWeeMan make it big? Meet Jason Acuna: Pro Skater, Stuntman, and Savvy Investor 
\guykawasaki- 12 Ways to Hook an Audience in 30 Seconds 
\guykawasaki- How Trump Created a New Global Capital of Exiles 
\guykawasaki- Who decides whether art is ‘good’ or ‘bad’? 
\guykawasaki- World’s oldest forest found in New York state 
\guykawasaki- Mitch McConnell’s Re-Election Hopes Take Major Hit Amid ‘Dismal’ Polls 
\guykawasaki- 8 genius uses for old coffee grounds 
\guykawasaki- The Stanford Prison Experiment: A Look Back with Psychologist Dr. Philip Zimbardo NEW EPISODE 🎧… 
\guykawasaki- ‘He was sent to us’: at church rally, evangelicals worship God and Trump 
\guykawasaki- Pompeo says U.S. strike disrupted ‘imminent’ attack 
\guykawasaki- Fresh Cambridge Analytica leak ‘shows global manipulation is out of control’ 
\guykawasaki- Scientists just found one of the world’s largest flowers blooming in an Indonesian jungle 
\guykawasaki- How to Help People and Animals Affected By the Australia Bushfires 
\guykawasaki- 20 public speaking tips even the experts use 
\guykawasaki- 50 quotes about happiness that will brighten your day 
\guykawasaki- Distressing image shows the heartbreaking reality of Australia’s bushfire crisis 
\guykawasaki- Question: Do you think that bad people create bad times or bad times create bad people? Margaret Atwood: "O… 
\guykawasaki- How to build a digital marketing strategy from scratch 
\guykawasaki- Why Walking Helps Us Think 
\guykawasaki- The empty promises of Marie Kondo and the craze for minimalism | Life and style | The Guardian 
\guykawasaki- U.S. Kills Top Iran General Qassem Soleimani - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- Global email benchmark report 
\guykawasaki- The next decade will reshape how we think of technology accessibility 
\guykawasaki- Why Some Rope Knots Hold Better Than Others 
\guykawasaki- HOW TO review #RemarkablePeople podcast 🎧https://t.co/NixZ5CsRLN I wrote a short guide. It would be great if you wr… 
\guykawasaki- Stephen Wolfram: Fascinating Interview with a Modern Day Genius #remarkablepeople #podcast 
\guykawasaki- Need some entertainment? Ask Siri or Alexa to 'play Remarkable People podcast.' 🎧 
\guykawasaki- This no-lid, foldable cup could help reduce plastic waste levels — Future Blink 
\guykawasaki- When Donald Trump Brags About the Economy, Here’s What Democrats Should Say 
\guykawasaki- 2020 Best Diets Overall | U.S. News Best Diets 
\guykawasaki- 5 New Year's resolutions you should be making about time management 
\guykawasaki- Only You Can Prevent Dystopia 
\guykawasaki- Many people have asked how to write a review of Remarkable People. It’s not as intuitive as you might think, so I w… 
\guykawasaki- This startup used storytelling to disrupt the $50 billion flower industry 
\guykawasaki- Why Opioids Are ‘An Everything Problem’ 
\guykawasaki- New nutritional label could make you think twice about downing that pint of ice cream 
\guykawasaki- 27+ smartphone apps you should delete before 2020 
\guykawasaki- Wee Man: How a Cali Skater Jumped on the Screen and Grabbed Worldwide Fame Great interview… 
\guykawasaki- 8 female entrepreneurs on how to set goals for a new decade 
\guykawasaki- Why winning doesn't always equal success 
\guykawasaki- Courage could be contagious in the Senate - The Boston Globe 
\guykawasaki- 10 Notable Brand Blunders From 2019 
\guykawasaki- Trump Bet He Could Isolate Iran and Charm North Korea. It’s Not That Easy. 
\guykawasaki- You're going to love this podcast episode with Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Exper… 
\guykawasaki- Think twice before posting your Instagram Top 9 for 2019 
\guykawasaki- How to Schedule Your Day for Optimal Productivity 
\guykawasaki- What does the Republican Party stand for now? 
\guykawasaki- No plastic 2020: The reason I am giving up all plastic bottles 
\guykawasaki- What is Your Zone of Genius? 
\guykawasaki- Margaret Atwood is an inspiration to everyone who is trying to resist a dystopian, theocratic, fascist society:… 
\guykawasaki- NEW on #RemarkablePeople &gt;&gt; @iamweeman California Dreamer Ollies to Jack Ass Fame with Crazy Stunts 🛹CLICK HERE to… 
\guykawasaki- NEW! @iamweeman on #RemarkablePeople: California Dreamer Ollies to Jackass Fame with Crazy Stunts… 
\guykawasaki- How staying in became the new going out. 
\guykawasaki- “It has been proven that the universe is computationally equivalent to my ego.” Stephen Wolfram… 
\guykawasaki- What does @MargaretAtwood think about fan fiction and more on this week's Remarkable People.… 
\guykawasaki- This was the decade America’s self-serving myths fell apart | Aziz Rana 
\guykawasaki- Fascinating interview with modern-day genius @stephen_wolfram 👨🏻‍💻 Go to the website and hit the PLAY BUTTON ➡️… 
\guykawasaki- The best way to lose weight boils down to these three things 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trumpworld’s Wild Hunt: Who ‘Liked’ a Chelsea Clinton Tweet? 
\guykawasaki- Republican Women Are in Crisis 
\guykawasaki- Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Experiment, looks back at how the experiment was pla… 
\guykawasaki- Have you ever wondered how @MargaretAtwood writes books? In this episode of Remarkable People, she explains her tac… 
\guykawasaki- Make corporations rich again. 
\guykawasaki- Warning: your head might explode by listening to this episode though @stephen_wolfram describes what he does as sim… 
\guykawasaki- 2019 political ‘person of the year’: Nancy Pelosi | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- The Stanford Prison Experiment: A Look Back with Psychologist Dr. @PhilipZimbardo NEW EPISODE 🎧… 
\guykawasaki- 7 Hard Things You Should Start Doing for Others 
\guykawasaki- Publishers determined to kill electronic books – The Eclectic Light Company 
\guykawasaki- A 2-Minute Morning Routine that Guarantees a Great Start to the Day 
\guykawasaki- A program protecting us from deadly pandemic is about to expire 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- 5 Ideas You Must Leave Behind to Get Ahead in Life 
\guykawasaki- 30 Daily Challenges to Improve Your Mental Strength (and Happiness) 
\guykawasaki- Question: Do you think that bad people create bad times or bad times create bad people? @MargaretAtwood: "O… 
\guykawasaki- What does Jane Goodall, Margaret Atwood, Phil Zimbardo, and Steve Wolfram have in common? 
\guykawasaki- A Gangster in the White House. 
\guykawasaki- How to Become a More Positive Person 
\guykawasaki- Politics Is Making America Sick by @Arianahuff A guide for staying healthy as we go into the 2020 election. 
\guykawasaki- Margaret Atwood is an inspiration to everyone who is trying to resist a dystopian, theocratic, fascist society:… 
\guykawasaki- 7 Tips on How to Train Your Brain and Improve Your Memory 
\guykawasaki- Evangelicals love Trump’s immigration policies. 
\guykawasaki- 4 Deadly Traps for Your Motivation and How to Avoid Them 
\guykawasaki- Prime Anchor: An Amazon Warehouse Town Dreams of a Better Life. 
\guykawasaki- How Atari took on Apple in the 1980s home PC wars 
\guykawasaki- Sounds like a good idea to me. 
\guykawasaki- U.S. government ‘retires’ (read removes) detailed pollution map from internet | Popular Science 
\guykawasaki- Video captures moment Australian cop saves choking baby 
\guykawasaki- Immigration judges quit in response to administration policies. 
\guykawasaki- 3 myths about creativity that are probably holding you back 
\guykawasaki- Stephen Wolfram: Fascinating Interview with a Modern Day Genius #remarkablepeople #podcast 
\guykawasaki- 5 things Amazon got right in 2019–and 5 it got wrong 
\guykawasaki- Five Insights on Gratitude. 
\guykawasaki- Pathetic. Republican Congressman Posts Video on Christmas Eve of Hillary Clinton Getting Hit by Light Fixture. 
\guykawasaki- The decade is coming to an end. Here are 33 ways to remember the 2010s 
\guykawasaki- Legal Experts Slam Attorney General Barr Over Impeachment: He’s ‘Up To His Eyeballs’ in Corruption 
\guykawasaki- Most Dangerous Apps for Kids: How to Protect Children Online 
\guykawasaki- Harvard professor says we all ignore easy way to be happier - because of money. 
\guykawasaki- If You Feel Stuck, Stressed, or Burnt Out, Nature Is the Solution 
\guykawasaki- You're going to love this podcast episode with Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Exper… 
\guykawasaki- How a ‘legislative terrorist’ conquered the Republican Party 
\guykawasaki- The Boundaries That Helped Me Stop Being a Doormat 
\guykawasaki- How Close Did Russia Really Come to Hacking the 2016 Election? 
\guykawasaki- Can we all "have it all?" 
\guykawasaki- Is Nancy Pelosi Caught in a Trap or Setting One?. 
\guykawasaki- Have you ever wondered how @MargaretAtwood writes books? In this episode of Remarkable People, she explains her tac… 
\guykawasaki- “It has been proven that the universe is computationally equivalent to my ego.” Stephen Wolfram… 
\guykawasaki- How to gain control of your free time 
\guykawasaki- How to turn off work thoughts during your free time 
\guykawasaki- Murkowski ‘disturbed’ by McConnell’s pledge for ‘total coordination’ with White House on impeachment | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- The Biggest Myths About ADHD 
\guykawasaki- Stop Believing in Free Shipping 
\guykawasaki- "Blessed be the fight." ✊ Loved my interview with @MargaretAtwood on Remarkable People. 
\guykawasaki- FDA approves new drug for migraine sufferers 
\guykawasaki- Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Experiment, looks back at how the experiment was pla… 
\guykawasaki- There’s No Fun Like Mandatory Office Holiday Fun 
\guykawasaki- There’s No Fun Like Mandatory Office Holiday Fun 
\guykawasaki- Memorable moments: Stanford’s Tara VanDerveer notches career win No. 1,000. 
\guykawasaki- Warning: your head might explode by listening to this episode though @stephen_wolfram describes what he does as sim… 
\guykawasaki- How to Get Over Your Fear of Public Speaking. 
\guykawasaki- How to Avoid the Season of Regret 
\guykawasaki- Merry Christmas Eve to your family and loved ones. 🎅🏼 As we say in Hawaii, Mele Kalikimaka! 🌴 Tomorrow I'll be shar… 
\guykawasaki- 36 Corvettes, Hidden For Years in a Garage, Will Be Given Away. 
\guykawasaki- The IRONY of Instagram 
\guykawasaki- The 2010s featured a lot of great social science. Here are my 12 favorite studies.. 
\guykawasaki- The Atlantic: Why Latinx Can’t Catch On The Atlantic: Why Latinx Can’t Catch On. 
\guykawasaki- Authenticity – 3 reasons why we don’t show our true self 
\guykawasaki- The Stanford Prison Experiment: A Look Back with Psychologist Dr. @PhilipZimbardo NEW EPISODE 🎧… 
\guykawasaki- Warning: your head might explode by listening to this episode as @stephen_wolfram describes what he does as simply… 
\guykawasaki- Make America Cover-up Again. The Trump administration is hiding something. 
\guykawasaki- "I was terrible at arithmetic. I found it boring." @stephen_wolfram Listen in as Dr. Wolfram talks about being terr… 
\guykawasaki- Stephen Wolfram: Fascinating Interview with a Modern Day Genius #remarkablepeople #podcast 
\guykawasaki- Excited to launch my new project: Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People podcast featuring legendary primatologist and an… 
\guykawasaki- Make Laws, Not Money 
\guykawasaki- How Trump has betrayed the working class 
\guykawasaki- Senate Democrat says he’s not worried about losing Alabama seat if he votes against Trump in Senate trial | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- You're going to love this podcast episode with Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Exper… 
\guykawasaki- Barack Obama’s remarks at his last White House Hanukkah party are just exceptional 
\guykawasaki- What detoxifies a negative work environment? 
\guykawasaki- 87 hours of TV (and movies) to binge this holiday season 
\guykawasaki- Christianity Today Calls for Trump’s Removal - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- What a legacy. Mitch McConnell, Master of the Blockade, Plots Impeachment Strategy 
\guykawasaki- Who better than Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] to be my first remarkable guest on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peopl… 
\guykawasaki- Politico: ‘Stunning piece of propaganda’: Journalists blast One America News series Politico: ‘Stunning piece of pr… 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren: The Rolling Stone Interview 
\guykawasaki- Will robots have rights in the future? 🤖 
\guykawasaki- Why Nikola Tesla was obsessed with the Egyptian pyramids 
\guykawasaki- Evangelical Leaders Close Ranks With Trump After Scathing Editorial 
\guykawasaki- Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Experiment, looks back at how the experiment was pla… 
\guykawasaki- When should your child get a smartphone? 
\guykawasaki- Here is why you should swear at work, according to science 
\guykawasaki- 4 common but harmful myths about how your brain works 
\guykawasaki- Next stop: my thighs. 
\guykawasaki- Protect Your Time at Work by Setting Better Boundaries 
\guykawasaki- Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] talks about what gives her the most hope and more on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peo… 
\guykawasaki- What the “Best Companies to Work For” Do Differently 
\guykawasaki- Mealworms provide plastic solution 
\guykawasaki- Trump administration opposes bill meant to deter Russia 
\guykawasaki- Evangelicals Turn On Trump And Call For His Removal From Office 
\guykawasaki- Do You Need Charisma to Be a Great Public Speaker? 
\guykawasaki- The AI Transparency Paradox 
\guykawasaki- We Are Republicans, and We Want Trump Defeated 
\guykawasaki- Do You Really Trust Your Team? (And Do They Trust You?) 
\guykawasaki- The Stanford Prison Experiment: A Look Back with Psychologist Dr. @PhilipZimbardo NEW EPISODE 🎧… 
\guykawasaki- A guide to collaborative leadership 
\guykawasaki- At Work, Expertise Is Falling Out of Favor 
\guykawasaki- A Stain That Will Last Forever 
\guykawasaki- Senators Tweet Photos of Huge Pile of Bills Left to Die on McConnell’s Desk 
\guykawasaki- Excited to launch my new project: Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People podcast featuring legendary primatologist and an… 
\guykawasaki- Why Does a Four-Day Work Week Achieve Better Results? 
\guykawasaki- Work Defined Us, But We’re Losing Our Religion. 
\guykawasaki- Figuring Out Your Business’s Future Tech Needs Doesn’t Have to be Hard, Read On 
\guykawasaki- Rightwing group pushes Wisconsin voter purge that 'could tip' 2020 election 
\guykawasaki- Patagonia Matches $10M in Donations to Support Environmental Orgs (All in Just 17 Days) 
\guykawasaki- You're going to love this podcast episode with Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Exper… 
\guykawasaki- What does a rhinoceros have to do with Remarkable People? 🦏 You'll have to listen to find out! TUNE IN HERE ➡️… 
\guykawasaki- Read Trump’s Letter to Pelosi Protesting Impeachment 
\guykawasaki- Ariana! @ Chase Center, Home of the 2019 Golden State Warriors 
\guykawasaki- Dawn says you're washing your dishes wrong 
\guykawasaki- Protesters Clamor for Trump’s Impeachment on Eve of House Votes 
\guykawasaki- Who better than Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] to be my first remarkable guest on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peopl… 
\guykawasaki- AMAZING! Super pumped that my new podcast landed on @ApplePodcasts New and Noteworthy today! 🎧 If you haven't heard… 
\guykawasaki- McConnell and Graham: The Senate’s Oath Breakers 
\guykawasaki- Germany steps up hunt for migrant workers amid fears for economy 
\guykawasaki- This week on Remarkable People, I interview Dr. Philip Zimbardo, the Stanford psychology professor who conducted th… 
\guykawasaki- Impeachment Is Incredibly Popular 
\guykawasaki- Savvy job seekers can improve their odds of getting past these gatekeepers by understanding how they work… 
\guykawasaki- Wow. I Headed the F.B.I. and C.I.A. There’s a Dire Threat to the Country I Love. 
\guykawasaki- Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Experiment, looks back at how the experiment was pla… 
\guykawasaki- Made entirely in Canva. @canva Video brings amazingly simple design experience to video creation. #DIYdesign… 
\guykawasaki- Hundreds of Historians Speak Out on Impeachment 
\guykawasaki- A new paper says candidates don’t pay a price for extremism 
\guykawasaki- Barack Obama Says Most of the World's Problems are Down to 'Old Men Not Getting Out of the Way' 
\guykawasaki- I'd love to be in the 11% tax bracket. How about you? 
\guykawasaki- The Stanford Prison Experiment: A Look Back with Psychologist Dr. @PhilipZimbardo NEW EPISODE 🎧… 
\guykawasaki- ICYMI: Have you ever wondered why good people can do bad things? Maybe it’s not that we all have badness in us, but… 
\guykawasaki- Excited to launch my new project: Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People podcast featuring legendary primatologist and an… 
\guykawasaki- 'Biologically younger' people who defy their real age often have 5 things in common 
\guykawasaki- This airline is replacing millions of single-use cups with tasty edible ones 
\guykawasaki- You're going to love my latest podcast episode with Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison… 
\guykawasaki- 4 things you should do if you want to cut back on your meeting time 
\guykawasaki- How to draw the line between preparation and procrastination 
\guykawasaki- Fun times on Disruptv 
\guykawasaki- When does pattern recognition kick in? 
\guykawasaki- Taking voice notes on Google just got a lot better 
\guykawasaki- Who better than Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] to be my first remarkable guest on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peopl… 
\guykawasaki- Why is the president of the United States cyberbullying a 16-year-old girl? 
\guykawasaki- Social Media Failing to Stop Manipulated Engagement and Accounts: NATO Researchers 
\guykawasaki- Steve Jobs Said This Was the Most Important 'Tool' He Had Ever Encountered to Make the Most of His Life 
\guykawasaki- SMH. McConnell’s Plan to Coordinate Impeachment with White House Sparks Outrage: ‘Jury Collaborating with the Accus… 
\guykawasaki- What Alexander Hamilton Would Have Thought About a Wealth Tax 
\guykawasaki- How parents and teachers can foster productivity, happiness, and positive change in students 
\guykawasaki- “5 Things You Should Do To Become a Thought Leader In Your Industry”, with Vanessa Donohue 
\guykawasaki- Natalie Franke: “Here Are 5 Things We Can Each Do To Make Social Media And The Internet A Kinder And More Tolerant… 
\guykawasaki- Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison Experiment, looks back at how the experiment was pla… 
\guykawasaki- Matt Bevin pardons man convicted of beheading Kentucky woman | Lexington Herald Leader 
\guykawasaki- A Minimalist Social Strategy for Small Business Owners 
\guykawasaki- How to Become Instagram Famous: 17 Expert Tips from Real Influencers 
\guykawasaki- LIVE: The Art of Evangelism - a mini keynote #remarkablepeople 
\guykawasaki- Petty of the United States. 
\guykawasaki- 12 Tips for Creating Engaging Visual Content on Social Media 
\guykawasaki- Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] talks about what gives her the most hope and more on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peo… 
\guykawasaki- I like the headline. Kawasaki enacts Japan's first bill punishing hate speech | The Japan Times 
\guykawasaki- How to Use Social Media for Small Business: 11 Simple Tips 
\guykawasaki- 30 Social Media Content Ideas and Examples for Brands 
\guykawasaki- Republicans blamed Democrats for USMCA delays. Mitch McConnell promptly delayed it further. 
\guykawasaki- 15 answers to common social media questions 
\guykawasaki- Why Time picking Greta Thunberg will drive Donald Trump crazy 
\guykawasaki- The public servants Trump smeared as 'traitors' and 'human scum' are Time magazine's 2019 'Guardians of the Year' 
\guykawasaki- The Stanford Prison Experiment: A Look Back with Psychologist Dr. @PhilipZimbardo NEW EPISODE 🎧… 
\guykawasaki- 4 Types of Negative Self-Talk to Stop Right Now 
\guykawasaki- I'd love to tell you about my podcast, Remarkable People. BRAND NEW ? ?? @applepodcast 
\guykawasaki- How to Master Your Management Skills and Build a Strong Team 
\guykawasaki- Judge Permanently Blocks Trump From Using Military Funding to Build Border Wall 
\guykawasaki- Greta Thunberg is TIME's 2019 Person of the Year The Swedish teenager and climate activist has won the award "for s… 
\guykawasaki- Excited to launch my new project: Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People podcast featuring legendary primatologist and an… 
\guykawasaki- GOP senator blocks bill aimed at preventing Russia election meddling | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- 7 beliefs that can silence women -- and how to unlearn them 
\guykawasaki- The problem of light pollution -- and 5 ridiculously easy ways to fix it 
\guykawasaki- You're going to love my latest podcast episode with Dr. Phil Zimbardo, the psychologist behind The Stanford Prison… 
\guykawasaki- News Outlet in Jim Jordan's Home State Outlines Multiple Instances Where Republican Rep. Supported Impeachment 
\guykawasaki- Who better than Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] to be my first remarkable guest on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peopl… 
\guykawasaki- A video game that helps us understand loneliness 
\guykawasaki- When you should go with your gut instead of logic 
\guykawasaki- 7 Social media trends to try in 2020 
\guykawasaki- Nom-nom or dinner call? Silverbacks sing as they eat. 
\guykawasaki- How to help a friend through a tough time, according to a clinical psychologist 
\guykawasaki- What skills will set you apart in the age of automation? 
\guykawasaki- Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] talks about what gives her the most hope and more on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peo… 
\guykawasaki- How to start attracting positive life results 
\guykawasaki- Rudy Giuliani Is Living the Dream 
\guykawasaki- Former top FBI lawyer: I want Trump ‘to apologize to me’ 
\guykawasaki- Houston police chief criticizes McConnell and Senate Republicans over guns: ‘Whose side are you on?’ 
\guykawasaki- Nine Ways to Deepen Your Relationships (Including with Yourself) 
\guykawasaki- Excited to launch my new project: Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People podcast featuring legendary primatologist and an… 
\guykawasaki- Types Of Domain Name Extensions And How They Affect Your Site 
\guykawasaki- DOJ inspector general finds no bias in FBI’s Russia probe | PBS NewsHour 
\guykawasaki- Opinion: Carrying out Trump's policies sent me into a crisis of conscience. There are thousands more like me 
\guykawasaki- You Can’t Work 24/7: The Problem with Our Always On Culture. 
\guykawasaki- Who better than Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] to be my first remarkable guest on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peopl… 
\guykawasaki- Why Consistency Will Give You Confidence 
\guykawasaki- Church nativity depicts Jesus, Mary and Joseph as family separated at border 
\guykawasaki- Found a hiking book for me. 
\guykawasaki- It’s good to be a frog in our house. 
\guykawasaki- This Extended-stay Hotel Will Let You Foster a Dog During Your Stay — and Adopt It in the Lobby On Your Way Out 
\guykawasaki- Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] talks about what gives her the most hope and more on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peo… 
\guykawasaki- Cultivating a Positive Thinking Mindset 
\guykawasaki- An Amazon Driver Dropped Off A Delivery. Then He Noticed What The Homeowner Had Left On The Doorstep |… 
\guykawasaki- Should You Consider a 4 Day Work Week? 
\guykawasaki- Trump on Achieving Peace in the Middle East: ‘If Jared Kushner Can’t Do It, It Can’t Be Done’ 
\guykawasaki- Working on a computer all day? Here are some tips for better eye health. 👀 
\guykawasaki- LA Times editorial board calls for Trump's impeachment | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- AP FACT CHECK: Trump and the people he forgets he knew 
\guykawasaki- Sen. Joni Ernst Busted In Illegal Dark Money Scheme 
\guykawasaki- Excited to launch my new project: Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People podcast featuring legendary primatologist and an… 
\guykawasaki- You've heard plenty about the power of mentors, but lasering in on and landing the right one can be tricky. Here's… 
\guykawasaki- Please subscribe. If you subscribe, please review. Mahalo. 
\guykawasaki- Trump claims Americans have to flush the toilet '10 times, 15 times, as opposed to once' 
\guykawasaki- After Stephen Miller's white nationalist views outed, Latinos ask, 'where's the GOP outrage?' 
\guykawasaki- Who better than Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] to be my first remarkable guest on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peopl… 
\guykawasaki- Mixing politics and parsley: Why this spice seller spent $700,000-plus on Facebook ads for Trump's impeachment 
\guykawasaki- If Tesla made mannequins 
\guykawasaki- More than one in six educators work multiple jobs to make ends meet. Declining enrollment in teacher prep courses i… 
\guykawasaki- The first live @Verizon #5G AR concert experience was incredible! The 5G was streaming AR graphics were in tune w/… 
\guykawasaki- Inside the massive 'Star Wars' pop-up celebrating the entire franchise that fans can visit for free 
\guykawasaki- Interesting and non-obvious list of books to read. 
\guykawasaki- Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] talks about what gives her the most hope and more on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peo… 
\guykawasaki- Inside the Cell Where a Sick 16-Year-Old Boy Died in Border Patrol Care — ProPublica 
\guykawasaki- 🤔Russia to replace Wikipedia with the 'Great Russian Encyclopaedia' 
\guykawasaki- Read this and then watch Congressional hearings. The laws of stupidity according to economist Carlo M. Cipolla — Qu… 
\guykawasaki- How to Take Advantage of the 80 20 Rule to Succeed in Life 
\guykawasaki- Excited to launch my new project: Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People podcast featuring legendary primatologist and an… 
\guykawasaki- 25 Again? How Exercise May Fight Aging 
\guykawasaki- Subscribe for good vibes 🎧 @ApplePodcasts #remarkablepeople #podcast #ThursdayMotivation… 
\guykawasaki- Please scan this with your camera and subscribe to my new podcast. The first guest is Jane Goodall. 
\guykawasaki- 19 Tips to Write Catchy Email Subject Lines [+ Examples] 
\guykawasaki- Professor fires back at GOP lawmaker: I'm insulted 
\guykawasaki- How to Process Negative Feedback Without Triggering a Stress Response [Infographic] 
\guykawasaki- Who better than Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] to be my first remarkable guest on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peopl… 
\guykawasaki- The Content Marketer's Guide to Thought Leadership 
\guykawasaki- If you have a chance, listen to Professor Karlan. OMG, she would shred Jim Jordan. to 
\guykawasaki- 8 Brain Exercises for Mental Strength and a Smarter Brain 
\guykawasaki- Jane Goodall [ @JaneGoodallInst] talks about what gives her the most hope and more on Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable Peo… 
\guykawasaki- What’s the Best Tea for Sleep? 7 Recipes to Try Tonight 
\guykawasaki- Excited to launch my new project: Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People podcast featuring legendary primatologist and an… 
\guykawasaki- Banks can hand Trump financial records to House Democrats, court rules 
\guykawasaki- Check out my new podcast: Guy Kawasaki's Remarkable People. First episode, Jane Goodall, goes live in 4 hours. Subs… 
\guykawasaki- Duh. Republicans Defending Trump on Impeachment Should Fear the Judgment of History The New Yorker: Republicans Def… 
\guykawasaki- Dear President Trump: The Ultimate Impeachment Deal Is To Abdicate Right Now 
\guykawasaki- 8 Brain Exercises for Mental Strength and a Smarter Brain 
\guykawasaki- 7 Steps to Make Self-Learning Effective for You 
\guykawasaki- Is 'OK, boomer' an ageist slur? These 18 hilarious takes say definitely not 
\guykawasaki- I've had the pleasure of getting to know @janegoodallinst &amp; can't wait to share our interview on my podcast Dec 4.… 
\guykawasaki- These 10 cities have the most expensive homes in America right now 
\guykawasaki- False Idol — Why the Christian Right Worships Donald Trump 
\guykawasaki- Robert Reich: If Impeached by the House, Trump is Literally Unpardonable 
\guykawasaki- Islamophobic attacks mostly happen in public. Here’s what you can do if you see it or experience it 
\guykawasaki- The best climate change charities to donate to - Vox 
\guykawasaki- New Study Finds Cash Transfers To Poor Families Lift Up Their Neighbors Too : Goats and Soda : NPR 
\guykawasaki- 7 Google Docs add-ons that will change the way you work 
\guykawasaki- “You are the brand — stick with your name until you are ready to add something to it”, with Kristie Jorfald… 
\guykawasaki- Rep. Duncan Hunter to plead guilty in case alleging misuse of campaign funds 
\guykawasaki- Defiant Mark Zuckerberg defends Facebook policy to allow false ads. 
\guykawasaki- NPR: His Company Makes Speakers. Now He's Speaking Out, Opposing Tariffs. 
\guykawasaki- My friends at @scottevest are having a 30% off #cybermonday sale. I wear something from Scottevest almost every day! 
\guykawasaki- Time, place, and luck are everything! 
\guykawasaki- Why You Should Invest in Your Employees’ Well-Being 
\guykawasaki- Only lawmaker to have worked 3 impeachment probes says Trump's Ukraine conduct 'more serious' than Nixon's Watergate 
\guykawasaki- From a therapist: the one thing they wish everyone knew about change 
\guykawasaki- National Geographic's best pictures of 2019 
\guykawasaki- Good examples of companies using social media. 
\guykawasaki- Chick-fil-A faces rightwing backlash after cutting ties to Christian groups 
\guykawasaki- Apple Watch Siri awkwardly interrupts on-air meteorologist and contradicts his forecast 
\guykawasaki- From busboy to nanny: Here's what the top 2020 presidential candidates did as their first jobs 
\guykawasaki- Dynamic duo: @stasherbag and patagonia @ Patagonia 
\guykawasaki- Here Are Five of The Main Reasons People Continue to Deny Climate Change 
\guykawasaki- The job no GOP senator wants: 'I'd rather have a root canal' | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- She was a test case for resettling detainees of Japanese descent — and unaware of the risk 
\guykawasaki- Where the magic happens. pearsonarrow factory this morning. I ordered another board. 
\guykawasaki- 5 scathingly funny cartoons about the Trump-ified GOP 
\guykawasaki- How America Ends 
\guykawasaki- Trump Is First to Use PATRIOT Act to Detain a Man Forever 
\guykawasaki- #5gbuiltright 5G by @verizon at the Chase Center! #ad I’m a guest of Verizon at the Chainsmokers concert. 
\guykawasaki- At the Chainsmokers concert for @verizon. #5Gbuiltright #ad 
\guykawasaki- Can we afford to live longer? 
\guykawasaki- Flu season is here. Researchers may have discovered a cure. 
\guykawasaki- We have the tools and technology to work less and live better 
\guykawasaki- The Woke Attack on Pete Buttigieg 
\guykawasaki- After eating this yesterday, facial recognition no longer works on my devices. 
\guykawasaki- How social media is powering The Economist’s subscription growth 
\guykawasaki- People think about breaking up more when they look outside their relationship for psychological fulfillment… 
\guykawasaki- Australian Surfers Give Collective Middle Finger to Oil Industry This Weekend 
\guykawasaki- Lol. Trump Campaign says there’s ‘no evidence’ Rocky picture was doctored 
\guykawasaki- Mitch McConnell Made Whole Food Their Thanksgiving Denying They Made Him Person of the Year 
\guykawasaki- How to spend your money, according to science 
\guykawasaki- Attractive People Get Unfair Advantages at Work. AI Can Help. 
\guykawasaki- O'Malley slams acting DHS deputy: ‘You cage children for a fascist president’ 
\guykawasaki- Need to Know: Five-Time SUP Surfing World Champion Izzi Gomez 
\guykawasaki- The White House has reportedly been unable to find any record of the call where Trump told Sondland there was 'no q… 
\guykawasaki- Your Employees Have All the Creativity You Need. Let Them Prove It. 
\guykawasaki- As Jobs Are Automated, Will Men and Women Be Affected Equally? 
\guykawasaki- Trump Tax Records Reveal New Inconsistencies — This Time for Trump Tower — ProPublica 
\guykawasaki- Let the confusion begin. Mitch McConnell Named WholeFoods Magazine’s 2019 Person of the Year 
\guykawasaki- A recent court ruling could open the floodgates and let Congress haul in all of Trump's allies who have refused to… 
\guykawasaki- What productive conflict can offer a workplace 
\guykawasaki- Duh. Rudy Giuliani’s reputation will never recover from the impeachment hearings | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Change your story, change your life 
\guykawasaki- The Great American Eye-Exam Scam 
\guykawasaki- There are more people under the bus than in the bus in this administration. Pompeo-Trump relationship tested by imp… 
\guykawasaki- Have you subscribed to my new podcast? 🎙 LINK Every episode will make you a little wiser—… 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s strain with Pentagon inspires talk of more departures 
\guykawasaki- LOL. Sarah Sanders Claims Donald Trump Reads ‘More Than Anybody I Know’ 
\guykawasaki- Why we need to make more mindful choices about our digital lives. 
\guykawasaki- New revelations put Trump on shakier ground 
\guykawasaki- The next software revolution: programming biological cells 
\guykawasaki- What do trees mean to you? Here are 12 ways trees shaped readers’ lives | PBS NewsHour 
\guykawasaki- In a stunning deepfake, Richard Nixon laments a catastrophe that wasn't 
\guykawasaki- Ocasio-Cortez fires back after Trump brands her a ‘Do Nothing Democrat’ | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- The Perils and Pitfalls of Research 
\guykawasaki- Historian Timothy Snyder: Here’s how we escape TrumpWorld, where there’s “no future and no truth” 
\guykawasaki- How to Write 2x More Blog Posts Without Sacrificing Quality 
\guykawasaki- If you haven't left already, it's too late. 
\guykawasaki- Solving The Sleep &amp; Alzheimer’s Puzzle : NPR 
\guykawasaki- Tim Cook is just letting Trump lie about Apple 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- 4 Tips for Leveraging Your Blog as a Sales Driver in 2020 
\guykawasaki- Butter-fried raisins changed my mind about raisins forever 
\guykawasaki- Republicans Embrace Nihilism 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s Election May Have Been the Shock We Needed 
\guykawasaki- Trump Gives U.S. Business the Ukraine Treatment 
\guykawasaki- How to Use Storytelling in Your Blog 
\guykawasaki- Two diagrams I used to explain life to a college student. Be unique and valuable &amp; great and not an asshole. 
\guykawasaki- This is How a Woman Becomes a ‘Republican Star’ 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Mitch McConnell wrapping paper: Senator’s mug could be on your present 
\guykawasaki- Ambassador Sondland’s Revenge in the Trump Impeachment Inquiry | The New Yorker 
\guykawasaki- 6 Satisfying Slang Terms We Learned in 2019 
\guykawasaki- Trump Attacks on Vindman Are a ‘Painful Irony’ After President Pardons War Criminals, Congressman Says 
\guykawasaki- TikTok is an app for creating and sharing short videos — comedy bits, memes, lip-syncing. That some of those shiny… 
\guykawasaki- The Trump Presidency Is in Free Fall 
\guykawasaki- Did you hear I'm starting a podcast? 🎤 NEW #Podcast &gt;&gt; subscribe here 
\guykawasaki- True patriot. Christine Blasey Ford makes rare public remarks, a year after Kavanaugh ordeal 
\guykawasaki- The story Republicans are really telling themselves about impeachment 
\guykawasaki- #MoscowMitch McConnell’s Opposition to Federal Election Security Is Hitting Home 
\guykawasaki- READ: Navy Secretary Richard Spencer’s letter to the President acknowledging his termination 
\guykawasaki- Rick Perry says Trump is the ‘chosen one’ sent ‘to do great things’ 
\guykawasaki- No ‘phase two’ U.S.-China deal on the horizon, officials say 
\guykawasaki- Tim Berners-Lee unveils global plan to save the web 
\guykawasaki- Butter-fried raisins changed my mind about raisins forever 
\guykawasaki- In Science We Trust 
\guykawasaki- The world through the eyes of women 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s impeachment shows US officials at their best and his allies at their worst 
\guykawasaki- The President’s Cognitive Decline 
\guykawasaki- Stop Using Public USB Ports to Charge Your Phone 
\guykawasaki- Boo-hoo billionaires: why America's super-wealthy are afraid for 2020 
\guykawasaki- New Power Plant Turns Waste into Energy—and Doubles as a Ski Slope 
\guykawasaki- The New York Times: Devin Nunes Is Danielle Steel The New York Times: Devin Nunes Is Danielle Steel. 
\guykawasaki- Art of the deal. North Korea says it ‘will no longer gift’ Trump with fruitless talks ‘he can boast of’ 
\guykawasaki- 7 savagely funny cartoons about the Trump impeachment hearings 
\guykawasaki- Lessons You Can Learn From Dealing With Frustration 
\guykawasaki- Plastic Army women Kickstarter campaign crushes funding goal - Task &amp; Purpose 
\guykawasaki- Want to schedule a Global Entry interview at SFO? Good luck San Francisco Chronicle: Want to schedule a Global Entr… 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- Psychological Study Of “Moral Grandstanding” Helps Explain Why Social Media Is So Toxic Ps… 
\guykawasaki- Audience applauds, GOP microphone turned off at end of Yovanovitch hearing | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- 7 Common Recycling Myths, Debunked 
\guykawasaki- How to Increase Productivity by Switching Off and Getting Cozy 
\guykawasaki- Just being near nature can literally save your life | Inverse 
\guykawasaki- Nine-year-old child genius to graduate university 
\guykawasaki- SMH. GOP Sen. Marsha Blackburn tweets conspiratorial smear against Lt. Col Vindman 
\guykawasaki- 7 Morning Rituals to Start Your Day Right 
\guykawasaki- 7 scathingly funny cartoons about Trump’s very bad impeachment week 
\guykawasaki- Duh. IBM: Our Mac-Using Employees Outperform Windows Users in Every Way ExtremeTech: IBM: Our Mac-Using Employees O… 
\guykawasaki- Anger grows over report GOP senators met with Trump to map out ‘rigged’ impeachment trial 
\guykawasaki- Hair on fire, puts it out, finishes test. 
\guykawasaki- The Exposure of the Republican Party The Atlantic: The Exposure of the Republican Party. 
\guykawasaki- Popular Mechanics: How SMS Works—and Why You Shouldn’t Use It Anymore Popular Mechanics: How SMS Works—and Why You… 
\guykawasaki- How to Conquer a Fear of Change 
\guykawasaki- Trump says envoy Marie Yovanovitch refused to hang his photo 
\guykawasaki- Pinterest's Evan Sharp is building a kinder social network 
\guykawasaki- Establishment Economists Say Warren's Tax Would Hinder Growth. Baloney 
\guykawasaki- Trump Loses His Mind as Impeachment Witness Buries Him Alive 
\guykawasaki- 3 Tips For Using a Podcast To Promote Your Blog 
\guykawasaki- Two videos, one million subscribers 
\guykawasaki- Key Moments From Hill and Holmes’s Testimony in the Impeachment Inquiry 
\guykawasaki- Key Moments From Hill and Holmes’s Testimony in the Impeachment Inquiry 
\guykawasaki- Pence praises rule that would let adoption agencies exclude gay parents 
\guykawasaki- How and Why to Brand Yourself as an Author from Day One 
\guykawasaki- I’m with her. Sotomayor on DACA: “This is about our choice to destroy lives.” 
\guykawasaki- The death rattle of the Never Trump Republicans 
\guykawasaki- What Happens to Your Brain When You Complain 
\guykawasaki- How Surfing Helped Me Cope with Trump’s Travel Ban - SURFER Magazine 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- 4 Simple Habits That Can Soothe Your Anxious Mind 
\guykawasaki- Pompeo Can’t Escape 
\guykawasaki- Trump is lying about the ‘new’ ‘Apple’ factory 
\guykawasaki- Gee, Many Republicans Seem to Have Changed Their Minds on Impeachment Since Clinton 
\guykawasaki- 9 Brands Doing Unique Things on Social and What We Can Learn from Them 
\guykawasaki- John Bolton Gives Trump a Taste of the Impeachment Pain to Come 
\guykawasaki- Some kind of irony here. Fox News Exploring ‘Legal Options’ After Its Viewers Were Targeted, Tricked Into Buying Wo… 
\guykawasaki- 12 Tips for Creating Engaging Visual Content on Social Media 
\guykawasaki- The Senate actually votes on stuff? Senate passes legislation supporting Hong Kong protesters | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- New ads show Trump supporters saying they made a mistake | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Get the man an iPad. 
\guykawasaki- Brands block ‘Trump’ so ads don’t show near online articles about him 
\guykawasaki- ‘Tis the season: Retailers can expect 40% more social messages this holiday season 
\guykawasaki- Amen. Trevor Noah Calls Out Greed Behind Trump Tell-Alls: ‘These Books Don’t Help the Country,’ They Just ‘Profit O… 
\guykawasaki- Trump Attacks on Vindman Are a ‘Painful Irony’ After President Pardons War Criminals, Congressman Says 
\guykawasaki- 5 Ways to Manage Your Back-From-Vacation Stress 
\guykawasaki- Trump can no longer impose ‘Section 232’ auto tariffs after missing deadline: experts 
\guykawasaki- Impeachment hearings: Tuesday was a disaster for Republicans 
\guykawasaki- Vindman counters Jim Jordan’s smear of his military service by reading glowing performance review 
\guykawasaki- Duckworth celebrates Veterans Day with deported veterans in Mexico 
\guykawasaki- Study: Half of Americans Need This One Thing to Start Their Day on a Positive Note 
\guykawasaki- Putin has relished US political chaos. He may now fear Trump’s impeachment 
\guykawasaki- If it’s a crime for people to lie to politicians, why isn’t it a crime for politicians to lie to people? Whistleblo… 
\guykawasaki- The Wall will surely fix this. Nearly All Mass Shooters Since 1966 Have Had 4 Things in Common 
\guykawasaki- But this administration is bringing coal back! The US economy is losing billions of dollars because foreign student… 
\guykawasaki- German Circus Uses Holograms Instead Of Live Animals For A Cruelty-Free Magical Experience 
\guykawasaki- Do You Need More Happy Brain Chemicals? 
\guykawasaki- ‘It’s a scary time for Latinos’: how Eva Longoria took the fight to Trump – and became a major director 
\guykawasaki- What It’s Really Like to Fight a War 
\guykawasaki- 5 Ways to Make Interactive Content without Breaking the Bank 
\guykawasaki- Senior Trump official embellished résumé, had face on fake Time cover 
\guykawasaki- 10 Proven Ways to Learn Faster 
\guykawasaki- LOL. Trump Warns Republicans That If They Vote to Impeach He Will Campaign for Them Like He Did in Louisiana 
\guykawasaki- Great story! YouTube Tech Titan Marques Brownlee’s Empire Is Growing 
\guykawasaki- IMHO, intellectual honesty is bigger. McConnell: Lack of civility is country’s biggest problem 
\guykawasaki- GOP congresswoman’s impeachment hearings stunt fueled a $1 million fundraising haul for her Democratic opponent 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Johnson: Whistleblower ‘exposed things that didn’t need to be exposed’ | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Purge. Trump’s aides eye moving impeachment witnesses out of White House jobs 
\guykawasaki- Who’s getting the flu? 
\guykawasaki- How to Motivate People to Buy via @copyblogger 
\guykawasaki- Duh. Skeptics Urge Bevin To Show Proof Of Fraud Claims, Warning Of Corrosive Effects 
\guykawasaki- Lol. Trump May Give Written Testimony To Defend Himself In Impeachment Inquiry 
\guykawasaki- This Common Belief Could Be Blocking Your Creative Potential via @copyblogger 
\guykawasaki- Yup, what you want in a landlord is brashness. WeWork reportedly wants to hire T-Mobile’s brash CEO John Legere as… 
\guykawasaki- How to run for Congress without renting out your soul. 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- Amen. Disney heiress tells fellow boomers who are offended by the phrase ‘OK boomer’: Sit down and let the kids dri… 
\guykawasaki- Trump tweets he will ‘strongly consider’ testifying in impeachment inquiry | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- The truly frightening thing about Nikki Haley’s big revelation 
\guykawasaki- Doug Manchester - Possible pay-to-play scheme for ambassador role in Trump administration uncovered by CBS News 
\guykawasaki- Marie Yovanovitch got smeared. Where was Mike Pompeo? 
\guykawasaki- Warren doesn’t just frighten billionaires – she scares the whole establishment 
\guykawasaki- Launching on December 4th: Remarkable People podcast! SUBSCRIBE here 🎧 #podcast… 
\guykawasaki- Just smile. 
\guykawasaki- ‘It’s mindblowing’: historic wins for two Somali-Americans amid ugly smears 
\guykawasaki- Set the record straight! Democrats invite Trump to testify in impeachment inquiry 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Graham on the impeachment inquiry: ‘I made my mind up. There’s nothing there’ 
\guykawasaki- ‘Barbarians’ go to war with Warren 
\guykawasaki- Nikki Haley’s Book Is an Audacious Bet 
\guykawasaki- If you’re looking to persuade others to your cause, consider raising your speaking voice just a bit. 
\guykawasaki- Immigrants — and DACA — make America great. And I urge the Supreme Court to agree. 
\guykawasaki- There Will Be No Victory in Dishonor 
\guykawasaki- #Trumpeffect Why Republicans lost another deep-red state in Louisiana governor’s election 
\guykawasaki- From one intolerant country to another. She survived a Chinese internment camp and made it to Virginia. Will the U.… 
\guykawasaki- First 3 Trump Impeachment Public Witnesses Are Too Credible for GOP to Attack, Republican Strategist Says 
\guykawasaki- What’s he hiding? Trump can’t sue New York state in DC federal court to stop release of tax returns, judge says 
\guykawasaki- Opinion: NFL owners can’t hide from the truth anymore after Colin Kaepernick shows he’s ready to play 
\guykawasaki- iPhone 11 Pro camera holds its own against $20000 Leica 
\guykawasaki- A United Airlines Pilot Who Was Wrongfully Arrested In an Airport Hotel Finally Got Some Justice. Here’s Why Every… 
\guykawasaki- Stephen Miller is no outlier. White supremacy rules the Republican party | Cas Mudde 
\guykawasaki- Smokers who switch to vaping rapidly boost heart health in trial 
\guykawasaki- Trump Betrays the Military 
\guykawasaki- Americans Want Religion to Stay Out of Politics, New Survey Finds 
\guykawasaki- Why Trump Attacked Marie Yovanovitch 
\guykawasaki- Maine Democrat Sara Gideon rides growing distrust of Susan Collins 
\guykawasaki- Try each of these five-minute exercises to shake loose a USP that will work for your site. 
\guykawasaki- George Takei: ‘My dream dinner party? My colleagues from Star Trek, with one exception’ 
\guykawasaki- The Next 12 Months Will Decide the Future of the American Experiment 
\guykawasaki- Time to choose your legacy. Only 3 Senate Republicans aren’t defending Trump from the impeachment inquiry. Here’s w… 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- In Seeking to Join Suit Over Subpoena Power, Mulvaney Goes Up Against the President 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- So much family time. So much implausible deniability. What 100 House GOP dropouts in Trump era means for impeachment 
\guykawasaki- Life lesson! Scientists Capture Spectacularly Rare Footage of Deep-Sea Fish Devouring a Whole Shark 
\guykawasaki- California says it won’t buy cars from GM, Toyota, others opposing tough tailpipe standards | CalMatters 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump Confronted About Attack on Marie Yovanovitch During Hearing, Defends Tweets: ‘I Have Freedom of Speech’ 
\guykawasaki- 10 Less Stressful Ways to Get Your Daily Work Done 
\guykawasaki- Sad. Jeff Sessions basically begs Trump for mercy in his first Senate ad - The Washington Post 
\guykawasaki- Republicans seek to overturn Key West ban on coral-damaging sunscreens 
\guykawasaki- How to Become an Optimist: 3 Daily Habits To Help You Get Started 
\guykawasaki- Buttigieg surges ahead of Iowa caucuses | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- This Is What Logging Is All About 
\guykawasaki- Make America check out again. Trump’s Washington hotel has fallen behind competitors, with rooms running nearly hal… 
\guykawasaki- Opinion: Will Republicans ever take a stand against Trump? 
\guykawasaki- How to Complete Any Task in the Most Time Efficient Manner 
\guykawasaki- Pathetic. Jeff Sessions basically begs Trump for mercy in his first Senate ad 
\guykawasaki- More appointments, less walls Want to schedule a Global Entry interview at SFO? Good luck San Francisco Chronicle:… 
\guykawasaki- 7 Effective Ways to Cope with Stress 
\guykawasaki- Iraq veteran: We defended American democracy. Now we’re asking Congress to do the same. 
\guykawasaki- 15 Home Office Organization Tips to Save Time and Get More Done 
\guykawasaki- Waffle House customers bus tables 
\guykawasaki- Kevin Siers cartoon: How the Republicans plan to save Trump | Charlotte Observer 
\guykawasaki- Wedding bells or single again: Psychology predicts where your relationship is headed 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump &amp; Other Republicans Suddenly Don’t Want Those Public Impeachment Hearings They’ve Been Demanding for W… 
\guykawasaki- Is college worth it? A Georgetown study measures return on investment — with some surprising results. 
\guykawasaki- Matt Bevin’s Libertarian opponent says the Kentucky election just proved his point 
\guykawasaki- Your Netflix binge-watching makes climate change worse, say experts 
\guykawasaki- Republicans Want to Throw Giuliani and Sondland Under the Bus. Their Plan Is Ridiculous. 
\guykawasaki- On writing: What illuminates a story? 
\guykawasaki- Do not miss Koko Head Cafe. Where to Eat Hawaii’s Most Sacred Ingredient 
\guykawasaki- U.S. appeals court again backs House request for Trump tax documents - Reuters 
\guykawasaki- Might be helpful to some politicians. A Third Grader’s Guide to the Impeachment Hearings 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren blows up the ‘war room’ 
\guykawasaki- The most important moments of the first day of public impeachment hearings 
\guykawasaki- Want to Plant More Trees? Just Use a Different Search Engine 
\guykawasaki- How Joe Thornton’s spa days are keeping him fresh for the Sharks, who have now won four straight 
\guykawasaki- Red and Blue Economies Are Heading in Sharply Different Directions 
\guykawasaki- Meet Jaime Harrison, the leading Democrat trying to unseat Lindsey Graham in South Carolina 
\guykawasaki- Where to Eat Hawaii’s Most Sacred Ingredient 
\guykawasaki- Your ultimate guide to brand awareness 
\guykawasaki- Daca has changed lives – and the country – for the better. It must be preserved 
\guykawasaki- Trump just claimed Ivanka created 14 million jobs. The entire economy added 6 million. 
\guykawasaki- Parents of Teenager Killed by U.S. Diplomat’s Wife Say Donald Trump Offered to Have the Treasury Write Them a Check 
\guykawasaki- How to Automate Social Media Without Being a Robot 🤖 
\guykawasaki- SMH. What ending DACA could cost the U.S. economy 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Transcript reveals how Adam Schiff booted Matt Gaetz from the deposition room 
\guykawasaki- [New Research] How has Blogging Changed? 5 Years of Blogging Statistics, Data and Trends 
\guykawasaki- MAGA. Trump Has Visited Golf Clubs on 237 Days of His Presidency—That’s 23 Percent of the Days he’s Been in Office 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Sean Spicer’s Dancing With the Stars Humiliation—And Ours—Is Finally Over 
\guykawasaki- Kentucky Democrat moves closer to McConnell challenge | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump’s “hardened criminals” smear of DACA recipients, debunked 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- Why the Trump Foundation payout is a BIG deal 
\guykawasaki- A simple mental habit that can help overcome procrastination (and feel good about work) 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump says he might attend Russia Victory Day events in May 
\guykawasaki- New Zealand twitchy amid claims of Russian meddling in bird of the year contest 
\guykawasaki- There’s a Surprisingly Plausible Path to Removing Trump From Office 
\guykawasaki- Why Likable Leaders Seem More Effective 
\guykawasaki- We get it, rich guys are not into Elizabeth Warren 
\guykawasaki- This is @chris_bertish. He paddled across the Atlantic a few months ago. Oh, and he also won Mavericks. @ Half Moon… 
\guykawasaki- The national housing wage for a modest one-bedroom apartment is $17.90, while the federal minimum wage is $7.25.… 
\guykawasaki- No argument there. Lindsey Graham says Brett Kavanaugh hearing was ‘defining moment’ of Trump presidency 
\guykawasaki- Navy Submarine, Missing for 75 Years, Is Found Off Okinawa 
\guykawasaki- Lawyers: Rudy Giuliani Tweet on Ukraine Amounts to the ‘Smokingest of Guns,’ a ‘Confession’ 
\guykawasaki- Virginia Hates Tyrants 
\guykawasaki- Huh? Japan ‘glasses ban’ for women at work sparks backlash 
\guykawasaki- Why Open Offices Aren’t Working — and How to Fix Them 
\guykawasaki- Toddlers deserve more credit...The United States is being run by a toddler. 
\guykawasaki- He has his kids for advice. Donald Trump Is All Alone 
\guykawasaki- Pattern recognition 101. President Trump ordered to pay $2M to group of nonprofits as part of civil lawsuit 
\guykawasaki- Spiders and ants inspire metal that won’t sink 
\guykawasaki- Why You Shouldn’t Slash Prices in the Next Recession 
\guykawasaki- Buy Fox!! 
\guykawasaki- Thinking About Giving Money to Adult Children? Think Again 
\guykawasaki- Is there a term that’s stronger than “SMH”? The Conspiracy Theories A Conservative Must Believe Today 
\guykawasaki- Lawyer for Ukraine whistleblower sends White House cease and desist letter to stop Trump’s attacks 
\guykawasaki- The danger of AI is weirder than you think 
\guykawasaki- Love her response. Warren says she’d talk to Bill Gates about what he’d pay under wealth tax: ‘I promise it’s not $… 
\guykawasaki- New York City adopts ranked-choice voting, a major milestone for the reform 
\guykawasaki- Never let the truth get in the way of your party affiliation. Lindsey Graham won’t read impeachment depositions wit… 
\guykawasaki- Have you noticed that the billionaires bashing Warren’s plans are all bankers and hedge fund types? It should conce… 
\guykawasaki- Do Republicans understand the Constitution? 
\guykawasaki- What productive conflict can offer a workplace 
\guykawasaki- The More We Learn, the Worse Things Look for Trump 
\guykawasaki- High Turnout of Smart Voters in Kentucky Terrifies Rand Paul 
\guykawasaki- The Two Most Mysterious Words in Modern Shopping 
\guykawasaki- Duh. Pompeo has lost confidence at State amid impeachment probe 
\guykawasaki- Experts: Trump Not Legally Prohibited From Publicly Identifying Whistleblower 
\guykawasaki- How to sleep well: put devices away, drink nut milk with tumeric, smell lavender, and have sex. Got it? 
\guykawasaki- Fooling some of the people all of the time 
\guykawasaki- The challenge of thinking rationally. 
\guykawasaki- 4 Ways To Work Less and Get More Done 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump Spiritual Adviser Paula White Prays Against President’s Opponents, Suggests They ‘Operate in Sorcery and… 
\guykawasaki- 5 Things All Entrepreneurs Should Do to End 2019 With Momentum 
\guykawasaki- Firehose America again. The systemic strategy that anti-vaxxers are using to spread misinformation 
\guykawasaki- A Woman Who Was Fired For Flipping Off Trump’s Motorcade Won An Election In Virginia 
\guykawasaki- My Essential Guide to Entrepreneurship Course SIGN UP HERE #onlinecourse #entrepreneurs… 
\guykawasaki- Warren hits back at Jamie Dimon after he suggests she ‘vilifies successful people’ 
\guykawasaki- She was the fastest girl in America, until she joined Nike. Mary Cain’s male coaches were convinced she had to get… 
\guykawasaki- Carbonism. The Ideology Behind Donald Trump’s Paris Withdrawal 
\guykawasaki- Duh. :-) 
\guykawasaki- Duh. :-) 
\guykawasaki- Let’s learn from history. Policing the Berlin Wall: the ghostly photos taken by the Stasi’s hidden cameras 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s Kentucky surprise 
\guykawasaki- LEARN How to Promote Your Product, Service, Company, or Idea Course info here: 
\guykawasaki- Not in DCA anymore. 
\guykawasaki- Rules for influencers. 
\guykawasaki- Climate crisis: 11,000 scientists warn of ‘untold suffering’ 
\guykawasaki- Kahului? 
\guykawasaki- There’s a beauty to DCA. @ Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport 
\guykawasaki- Rise and fall. 
\guykawasaki- How to Nail Every Presentation, According to TED’s Top Speaking Coach 
\guykawasaki- The image of Nats players cozying up to Trump was jarring for many fans 
\guykawasaki- 5 Ways to Use Content to Improve Customer Service and Retain Customers 
\guykawasaki- This Is What Happens When You Leave Your Belongings Behind on a Plane 
\guykawasaki- 12 Social Media Content Ideas for Less Predictable Posts 
\guykawasaki- The Constitution Doesn’t Give Presidents Any Protections During Impeachment 
\guykawasaki- The Problem with Accounting for Employees as Costs Instead of Assets 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Rand Paul demands media print whistleblower’s name | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Apple is joining in efforts to battle California's housing crisis by committing $2.5 billion to the Bay Area, after… 
\guykawasaki- Blue spaces: why time spent near water is the secret of happiness 
\guykawasaki- Make America dance again. Sean Spicer on ‘Dancing With the Stars’: Trump tweets support, but the judges seem to los… 
\guykawasaki- What Donald Trump and Rand Paul get totally wrong about whistleblowers 
\guykawasaki- The Water on These Airlines Is so Bad You Shouldn’t Even Wash Your Hands With It, Study Finds 
\guykawasaki- Trump advisers: Limit use of senior passes at national parks 
\guykawasaki- 10 Ways to Mitigate Bias in Your Company’s Decision Making 
\guykawasaki- Helping Your Team Feel the Purpose in Their Work 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump Was Never a Real New Yorker 
\guykawasaki- Lilium is one step closer to making its flying car a reality 
\guykawasaki- SMH. The NRA Foundation is raising money by auctioning off guns in schools — to the dismay of some parents - The Wa… 
\guykawasaki- Dropbox’s new transfer feature lets you easily send a file to someone 
\guykawasaki- Great for her campaign. Wall Street Execs Unite against ‘Irresponsible’ Elizabeth Warren 
\guykawasaki- No more football. 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump administration begins formal U.S. withdrawal from Paris climate agreement 
\guykawasaki- Listen along as we talk about about pursuing joy, not happiness, and building a meaningful life. Push your comfort… 
\guykawasaki- Trump will ask Supreme Court to take New York tax returns case after losing appeal 
\guykawasaki- ‘It’s very transactional’: Confessions of a marketer on working with influencers 
\guykawasaki- Two years in the making, Pizza Hut tests a round pizza box 🍕 
\guykawasaki- Bill Clinton deserved impeaching. Trump’s actions are even worse 
\guykawasaki- Here Are 13 Most Insightful Nuggets of Wisdom from TED talks. 
\guykawasaki- Stop Trying to Raise Successful Kids 
\guykawasaki- My pearsonarrow collection! @ Santa Cruz, California 
\guykawasaki- Smashing the patriarchy: why there’s nothing natural about male supremacy 
\guykawasaki- The diversity industry is worth billions. But what do we have to show for it? 
\guykawasaki- Bill Gates Says He Now Asks 4 Questions That He Would Never Have Asked at Age 25 
\guykawasaki- The fifth time is the charm. Trump taps Chad Wolf as new acting DHS secretary 
\guykawasaki- 5 essential questions to ask before you accept any job offer 
\guykawasaki- There’s the Colorado-México border too. ‘Louisiana, I’ll see you tonight’: Trump tweets he’s visiting Louisiana Fri… 
\guykawasaki- Duh. Smugglers getting past Trump's wall already. 
\guykawasaki- Hope for Humanity as Trump’s Base Begins to Leave Him 
\guykawasaki- Meet Memo, the Marie Kondo of Fitness 
\guykawasaki- Syrian leader Bashar Assad: Donald Trump is the ‘best U.S. President’ 
\guykawasaki- Love this interview on #TechTalk With Anu Deshpande WATCH here: #siliconvalley #technology #interview 
\guykawasaki- Why I surf. The ugly, gory, bloody secret life of NHL dentists 
\guykawasaki- Can anyone explain why over time, my utensils achieve this imbalance? 
\guykawasaki- Your Guide to Small Business Saturday 2019 
\guykawasaki- The Trump campaign held a Halloween ‘Witch Hunt Party’ and tortured a metaphor to death - The Washington Post 
\guykawasaki- Twitter bans political ads: Influence is 'earned, not bought' 
\guykawasaki- How to Pre Structure Your Novel So You Finish It Fast 
\guykawasaki- 7 Halloween cartoons about our terrifying politics 
\guykawasaki- 1984 coming true. Trump’s Dark Assumption About America 
\guykawasaki- How to build a collaborative team 
\guykawasaki- What would a Trump impeachment trial look like? 
\guykawasaki- College leaders express doubts about schools’ agility in adapting to future challenges | PBS NewsHour 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump Jr., executive vice president of the Trump Organization, said he wished he were Hunter Biden so he cou… 
\guykawasaki- 30 quotes for when you feel stressed 
\guykawasaki- The Internet Archive’s massive repository of scanned books will help Wikipedia fight the disinformation wars. 
\guykawasaki- Why Women Support Impeachment More Than Men - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- SMH. The U.S. government spent $16,000 on fidget spinners last year, and GOP Sen. Joni Ernst is sick of it 
\guykawasaki- 50 stunningly beautiful geometric patterns in graphic design 
\guykawasaki- #TBT to another wonderful meeting w. @janegoodallinst ! Love getting to spend time w. her, discussing all things co… 
\guykawasaki- 10 logo trends to watch in 2020 
\guykawasaki- Why would you touch these buttons? @ Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 
\guykawasaki- Every Alexa command you can give your Amazon Echo smart speaker 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren’s Growing List of Anti-Endorsements 
\guykawasaki- How Walking Might Affect Our Sleep 
\guykawasaki- When Not to Send an Email—A Lesson From Elon Musk 
\guykawasaki- Tulsi Gabbard Drops a Big Hint About Running a Spoiler Campaign for Trump 
\guykawasaki- Life Enrichment: Ways to Improve Quality of Life After 65 
\guykawasaki- Legal Experts Dumbfounded by Kevin McCarthy’s Impeachment Defense: ‘Like Legal Doctrine Mad Libs’ 
\guykawasaki- Tips To Boost Team Morale 
\guykawasaki- ‘OK Boomer’ Marks the End of Friendly Generational Relations Now it’s war: Gen Z has finally snapped over climate c… 
\guykawasaki- Alabama Abortion Ban Is Blocked by a Federal Judge 
\guykawasaki- The Secret of Work-Life Balance for Entrepreneurs (hint…it’s different than you think) 
\guykawasaki- SMH. GOP Congressman Admits He Could Have Gone to Impeachment Hearings But Didn’t, Hasn’t Read Testimony 
\guykawasaki- Why Is There Such A Bad Relationship Between Trump And The CIA? 
\guykawasaki- 15 Warning Signs a Business Partnership Might Not Work Out 
\guykawasaki- Never spoke in a place like this! @mastercard meeting in Madrid. 
\guykawasaki- Is A Diet That’s Healthy For Us Also Better For The Planet? Most Of The Time, Yes 
\guykawasaki- White evangelical Protestants are fully disrobed. And it is an embarrassing sight. 
\guykawasaki- Why You Should Find Time to Be Alone With Yourself 
\guykawasaki- Vindman offers a firsthand account of critical episodes in alleged quid pro quo 
\guykawasaki- Opinion | How Europeans See America 
\guykawasaki- The Bee Has Been Declared "Most Important Living Being on the Planet” 
\guykawasaki- The number of millionaires in the world grew to nearly 47 million over the past year, and they now own close to hal… 
\guykawasaki- When working couples are juggling two careers with two sets of change, the stress can be more acute. Here's how to… 
\guykawasaki- Try to wrap your mind around the premise of this article. The Cowardly Republicans 
\guykawasaki- How a Company’s Aging Workforce Retrained Itself for the Cloud We will give you the tools, a company told its tech… 
\guykawasaki- Useful stuff. How to Customize Your Gmail Address on the Fly 
\guykawasaki- Art as a performance. This was made in a few minutes in front of a live audience by artrageousshow 
\guykawasaki- Starting with Launching and Pitching, moving on to Fundraising and Team Building, and concluding with Marketing and… 
\guykawasaki- Why explosives detectors still can’t beat a dog’s nose - MIT Technology Review 
\guykawasaki- IMHO, the best source for balanced news is Wikipedia. It’s not true that “anyone can edit anything.” Facebook has f… 
\guykawasaki- Daring Women 2019 | Alex Morgan, Phoebe Robinson, Betye Saar, and Gabriela Hearst redefine success 
\guykawasaki- The ‘AOC effect’ is real – and it’s helping wean the Democrats off mega-donors 
\guykawasaki- Gas Station Converts To Electric Charging Station And Speeds Ahead Of Curve 
\guykawasaki- Make America Like North Korea Again. White House hits back at John Kelly over impeachment remarks 
\guykawasaki- Learn the main concepts of evangelism and how to apply it to your business. JOIN the course here:… 
\guykawasaki- “Revolutionary” New Way to Remove Carbon Dioxide From Air Developed at MIT [Video] 
\guykawasaki- Make America Gilead Again. The Student Vote Is Surging. So Are Efforts to Suppress It. 
\guykawasaki- Trump frustrated as White House effort to defy impeachment inquiry fails to halt witness testimony, advisers say -… 
\guykawasaki- Duh. Wisconsin’s Massive Foxconn Boondoggle Is Getting Worse 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump Has a Senate Problem - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Rudy Giuliani butt-dials NBC reporter, heard discussing need for cash and trashing Bidens 
\guykawasaki- Cummings’ widow responds to Trump’s attacks, gets standing ovation 
\guykawasaki- Opinion | The Day the Trump Boom Died 
\guykawasaki- A recent survey by Smart Healthy Living found that 70 percent of people think alone time is the best way to lower s… 
\guykawasaki- Russian Circus Bear Mauls Its Handler 
\guykawasaki- Make America Gilead again. White House urges federal agencies to cancel Washington Post and New York Times subscrip… 
\guykawasaki- Giving back can trigger endorphins in your brain and give you a sense of purpose. 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s Tweet Makes Me Proud to Be ‘Human Scum’ 
\guykawasaki- Decades-long national push for high school graduates to get bachelor’s degrees left vocational programs with an ima… 
\guykawasaki- The unholy alliance of the religious right and Trumpism is deeply anti-Christian | Carlo Invernizzi-Accetti 
\guykawasaki- Democrats Can Calm Their 2020 Election Anxiety By Accepting There’s No One Else 
\guykawasaki- The 5-Hour Workday Gets Put to the Test To be more efficient, consulting firm tries limiting office email use and b… 
\guykawasaki- Read the Trump Administration’s Warning Letter to Laura Cooper 
\guykawasaki- SMH. 13 Republicans involved in impeachment protest already have access to hearings - Axios 
\guykawasaki- "Idon’t know if it makes sense, and I don’t know how long it’s going to last. Is there a better epitaph for this ag… 
\guykawasaki- Pick Trump’s Worst Cabinet Member 
\guykawasaki- We Tried 6 Methods for Baking a Potato and Found a Clear Winner 
\guykawasaki- How to Find Your Keystone Habits to Change Your Life 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Matt Gaetz claimed the GOP was shut out of an impeachment hearing. 48 Republicans were welcome in the room. 
\guykawasaki- Who Is This Giant Head of Hair Who Led Republican Congresspeople Into Their Strange Battle? 
\guykawasaki- Amen. 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren has a lot of supporters on Wall Street over Trump 
\guykawasaki- Too Busy at Work to Take a Sick Day? Here’s What to Do — and What Not to Do 
\guykawasaki- The Inevitability of Impeachment - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- Bummed that the glass stairs in Apple stores get chipped. 
\guykawasaki- How Sustainability Will Save Businesses Money 
\guykawasaki- MAGA: Make America Gilead Again. Republican Protest Impeachment Inquiry Process, Delaying Testimony 
\guykawasaki- If nothing else, we’re all learning Latin. William Taylor’s testimony moves the ball on Trump’s impeachment. It als… 
\guykawasaki- Say what? Pablo Escobar’s Brother Is Threatening To Sue Elon Musk For $100 Million For Stealing His Design For A Fl… 
\guykawasaki- Excited to keynote the upcoming @Laserfiche Empower Conference Feb. 11-14! Hope you’ll join me in sunny Long Beach,… 
\guykawasaki- Best Cities For Green Living 
\guykawasaki- Excited to keynote the upcoming @Laserfiche Empower Conference Feb. 11-14! Hope you’ll join me in sunny Long Beach,… 
\guykawasaki- Green Your Home: 7 DIY Projects for an Eco-Friendly Home 
\guykawasaki- Turn Negative Emotions into Your Greatest Source of Strength 
\guykawasaki- What Does ‘High Crimes and Misdemeanors’ Actually Mean? 
\guykawasaki- Trying to co-exist with a paddle boarder. 
\guykawasaki- Understanding Narcissism and Narcissistic Rage | Psychology Today 
\guykawasaki- Why Doing Less Helps You Achieve More 
\guykawasaki- Patagonia founder Yvon Chouinard: How to save Planet Earth 
\guykawasaki- 27 tips to help you sleep better 
\guykawasaki- What White Evangelicals Think of Impeachment 
\guykawasaki- SMH. A New Plan Wants to Make Camping in National Parks Worse 
\guykawasaki- Robocalls tell voters to head to the polls a day late 
\guykawasaki- Teenagers are racing each other to break celebrity style news on Instagram. Adults in the industry are in awe.… 
\guykawasaki- English majors are down 25.5 percent since the Great Recession, just as world’s top economists say we need more ‘st… 
\guykawasaki- How to Give People Advice They’ll Be Delighted to Take 
\guykawasaki- How To Land Job Offers In A New City (Without Having To Move There First) 
\guykawasaki- The revenge of the State Department 
\guykawasaki- Beating Trump — a Times editorial series 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s insult-comic act enters danger zone | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- How to Learn and Remain Productive at Work at the Same Time 
\guykawasaki- Now retired, top U.S. environmental scientist feels free to speak her mind | Science | AAAS 
\guykawasaki- The Nancy Pelosi photo is a Rorschach test for an America cleaved into two 
\guykawasaki- Trump Wrong on U.S. Agriculture Exports to China 
\guykawasaki- SMH. GOP Congressman Open to Impeachment on Friday, Retires on Saturday 
\guykawasaki- Working Well With Others – 6 Essential Soft Skills in the Workplace, and how to Improve Them 
\guykawasaki- General discontent: how the president’s military men turned on Trump 
\guykawasaki- RNC: The future for Republicans, and America, has never looked brighter 
\guykawasaki- LinkedIn Etiquette Fails: 7 Mistakes That Will Make You Look Unprofessional 
\guykawasaki- Our Republic Is Under Attack From the President 
\guykawasaki- When do you know when you have a winning idea? Stuck on where to go? Try my course The Essential Guide to Entrepren… 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Mulvaney wrong that Donald Trump won’t profit from choosing Trump resort to host G-7 | PolitiFact 
\guykawasaki- Duh and duher. Former WH Press Secretary: Mulvaney Made ‘Terrible Mistake’ During Briefing 
\guykawasaki- We asked a hacker to try and steal a CNN tech reporter’s data. Here’s what happened 
\guykawasaki- 7 brutal cartoons about Trump’s ongoing Syria disaster 
\guykawasaki- 7 brutal cartoons about Trump’s ongoing Syria disaster 
\guykawasaki- Make America bags again. Louis Vuitton welcomed Trump to the opening of its new factory. And yes, it was odd. 
\guykawasaki- Grieving Family Reveals Trump ‘Henchmen’ Were ‘Snarling’ to Pressure Them Into Meeting Son’s Killer 
\guykawasaki- I've loved using this: desktop to Instagram posting. 
\guykawasaki- My “Instagram” room at @thedrakehotel @ Drake Devonshire Inn 
\guykawasaki- My tips and tricks for bringing your own cause, product, or service from idea to reality using evangelism. JOIN the… 
\guykawasaki- The 32-Year-Old Founder of Startup Canva Gets $3.2 Billion Value 
\guykawasaki- More family time. Energy Secretary Rick Perry offers Trump his resignation 
\guykawasaki- The More Active Your Brain, the Shorter Your Lifespan May Be, a New Study Says 
\guykawasaki- The More Active Your Brain, the Shorter Your Lifespan May Be, a New Study Says 
\guykawasaki- Alabama Congressional Delegation did the unthinkable - 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s Miami resort will host next year’s G-7 summit, White House says 
\guykawasaki- No Silver Lining to Trump’s Syria Policy - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- The most shocking part of the ‘meltdown’ photo Trump tweeted isn’t who’s in it — it’s who isn’t 
\guykawasaki- Matthew Shepard’s parents have sharp words for William Barr in speech delivered at DOJ event 
\guykawasaki- Best picture ever. Trump tweeted a photo attacking Nancy Pelosi. She made it her Twitter cover photo. 
\guykawasaki- Stop Using the N-Word If You’re Not Black 
\guykawasaki- Scientists have discovered a mash-up of two feared disasters — hurricanes and earthquakes — and they’re calling the… 
\guykawasaki- Remembering Elijah Cummings Through His Powerful Words 
\guykawasaki- Should old people be allowed to change their legal age? Discrimination against people because of their age is a rea… 
\guykawasaki- Nudging meat off the menu 
\guykawasaki- Lifting the lid on Japan’s amazing bento boxes - BBC Worklife 
\guykawasaki- People made 110 million images in Canva last month. @ Hudson Yards New York 
\guykawasaki- California students will get to hit that snooze button. Read more: 
\guykawasaki- Impeachment inquiry: Mike Pompeo’s State Department subordinates George Kent, Fiona Hill testify and defy him. 
\guykawasaki- U.S. security chief ‘heaped pain’ on grieving parents of UK teen: lawyer - Reuters 
\guykawasaki- White House scrambles to slow impeachment push as explosive secrets spill behind closed doors 
\guykawasaki- How designers are fighting the rise of facial recognition technology 
\guykawasaki- The cosmic war between monotony and creativity 
\guykawasaki- Under pressure to suspend Trump, Twitter restates that world leaders don’t always have to follow its rules — The Wa… 
\guykawasaki- Mac icon designer Susan Kare explains the inspiration for her designs 
\guykawasaki- British Family Detained By ICE After Unlawfully Entering U.S. From Canada 
\guykawasaki- Trump: Mexicans Are a Bigger Threat Than the ISIS Prisoners I Let Escape in Northern Syria 
\guykawasaki- Trump Eliminates Plastic Water Bottle Ban in National Parks, Removes White House Bikeshare Station - EcoWatch 
\guykawasaki- 8 CEOs on their mindfulness practices 
\guykawasaki- These high school sports have the highest concussion rates 
\guykawasaki- The hardest part of starting your own business is taking the first step. This course for is designed for budding en… 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s impeachment barricade crumbles 
\guykawasaki- Do you want to change the world like Apple? This course will explain how to use a technique called evangelism to ch… 
\guykawasaki- How to Beat Trump, According to Experts on Middle-School Bullies | The New Yorker 
\guykawasaki- My Essential Guide to Entrepreneurship Course SIGN UP HERE #onlinecourse #entrepreneurs… 
\guykawasaki- More racism in progress. Lawsuits around U.S. seek to block Trump’s public charge rule 
\guykawasaki- Make America pay again. 
\guykawasaki- Trump criticizes the Bidens, but his own family’s business raises questions | PBS NewsHour 
\guykawasaki- The Kurds – a bitter history of betrayal 
\guykawasaki- Go for it. James Comey Would Like to Help 
\guykawasaki- Taking a stand is good for business. A spice retailer is spending more on pro-impeachment Facebook ads than anyone… 
\guykawasaki- LEARN How to Promote Your Product, Service, Company, or Idea Course info here: 
\guykawasaki- Top Military Officers Unload on Trump 
\guykawasaki- LOL. House Democrats May Withhold Salaries of Trump People Who Refuse to Testify 
\guykawasaki- Top Military Officers Unload on Trump 
\guykawasaki- Make America a swamp again. Trump Urged Top Aide to Help Giuliani Client Facing DOJ Charges 
\guykawasaki- Record number of colleges stop requiring the SAT and ACT amid questions of fairness | PBS NewsHour 
\guykawasaki- DOJ says Watergate impeachment evidence never should have been granted to Congress. 
\guykawasaki- ‘Absolutely nuts’: Squirrels stash over 200 walnuts under hood of couple’s car 
\guykawasaki- In Syria, Russia's big moment may have arrived. 
\guykawasaki- Trade War Spins Out Of Control Forbes: Trade War Spins Out Of Control. 
\guykawasaki- Starting with Launching and Pitching, moving on to Fundraising and Team Building, and concluding with Marketing and… 
\guykawasaki- LOL Trump Boasted That His Border Wall Was 'Virtually Impenetrable.' Then an 8-Year-Old Girl Climbed a Replica 
\guykawasaki- Inside the sticker business. 
\guykawasaki- Outside: The Right Way to Put Out Your Campfire Outside: The Right Way to Put Out Your Campfire. 
\guykawasaki- Former DOJ Senior Counsel: Trump Ordering Sondland Not to Testify Is ‘Pure Unadulterated Bullsh*t’ 
\guykawasaki- Learn the main concepts of evangelism and how to apply it to your business. JOIN the course here:… 
\guykawasaki- Gun-related deaths rise — except for one group of Americans 
\guykawasaki- Holocaust Survivor Left in Tears After Arab Plumbers Refuse to Charge Her for Their Work: 'Her Life Story Touched M… 
\guykawasaki- 9 Important Lessons I Learned from Living My Dream Life 
\guykawasaki- The Right Way to Put Out Your Campfire Outside: The Right Way to Put Out Your Campfire. 
\guykawasaki- Taking a stand is good for business. A spice retailer is spending more on pro-impeachment Facebook ads than anyone… 
\guykawasaki- What was in prehistoric baby bottles? Now we know. 
\guykawasaki- Make America hypocritical again. Watch Trey Gowdy Blast the White House for Withholding ‘Information and Documents… 
\guykawasaki- Not even for soy beans? China rejects Donald Trump’s call to investigate Democrat rival Joe Biden and son 
\guykawasaki- Notes from my Wise Guy speech in Japanese. Arigato @cnxt_nozomu 
\guykawasaki- The Upside of Procrastination 
\guykawasaki- Gordon Sondland Blocked From Testifying Before Congress on Trump Ukraine Texts 
\guykawasaki- This day is coming faster than we think. 
\guykawasaki- Our Odd Culture of Over-Sharing and the Quest to Be Relevant 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s historic fundraising for 2020 reelection is a financial boon to political consultants he shunned in 2016 
\guykawasaki- What could go wrong? Lindsey Graham asks Rudy Giuliani to testify for Senate in apparent attempt to counteract Hous… 
\guykawasaki- Woz powers the Lenin Museum. 
\guykawasaki- How to Learn Fast and Remember More: 5 Effective Techniques 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren's critics forgot: Pregnancy lasts for nine months 
\guykawasaki- Greta Thunberg faces right-wing media attacks after U.N. speech 
\guykawasaki- New poll shows 20-point increase in support for impeachment inquiry—among Republicans. 
\guykawasaki- The history and psychology of colors 
\guykawasaki- I drink a cup right before surfing. Your First Cup of Coffee Does These 5 Surprising Things for Your Brain Each and… 
\guykawasaki- Get a shot. Duh An Extremely Thorough Guide to This Year’s Flu Season 
\guykawasaki- The ultimate guide to productivity 
\guykawasaki- Mark Zaid Responds to Right-Wing Media Attacks | Law &amp; Crime 
\guykawasaki- SMH. SCOTUS ruling could completely alter lives of LGBTQ Americans 
\guykawasaki- Make America broke again. Federal deficit estimated at $984B, highest in seven years | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- 7 Lessons from the U.S. Women’s Soccer Team’s Fight for Equal Pay 
\guykawasaki- Are You Developing Skills That Won’t Be Automated? 
\guykawasaki- Harvard Psychology Prof ‘Truly Alarmed’ by Trump’s ‘Unmatched Wisdom’: Left and Right Need to Come Together Now 
\guykawasaki- Lindsey Graham Says He’ll Out Whistleblower If Trump Is Impeached 
\guykawasaki- 10 Ways to Increase Your Intrinsic Motivation 
\guykawasaki- Send in Air Force? Trump's Scotland Golf Resort Lost $1.3 Million Last Year, Has Not Made a Profit for Seven Years 
\guykawasaki- The science of cornstarch and water 
\guykawasaki- 'Everywhere we looked': trillions of microplastics found in San Francisco bay 
\guykawasaki- Want to get a huge bundle of photography education from some of the best in the industry, including from my friend… 
\guykawasaki- Trump admin opens 720,000 acres of land in California for oil drilling 
\guykawasaki- The high road has no traffic. 
\guykawasaki- Rock climbers to hold border wall climbing competition after Trump said new section was unscalable 
\guykawasaki- Not nearly as bad as a tan suit 'This is what we do': Trump official Mike Pompeo suggest pressuring foreign leader… 
\guykawasaki- You're either on or under the bus Aide: Perry pushed Trump for Ukraine call, for energy issues 
\guykawasaki- CNN: More Than 60 Congressional Republicans Silent When Asked About Trump Asking China to Investigate Biden 
\guykawasaki- Unfit for Office. 
\guykawasaki- When do you know when you have a winning idea? Stuck on where to go? Try my course The Essential Guide to Entrepren… 
\guykawasaki- A California City Tested Universal Basic Income. Here’s How Recipients Spent the $500 in Free Money 
\guykawasaki- 'Everywhere we looked': trillions of microplastics found in San Francisco bay 
\guykawasaki- Make Canada great again. Why we moved our Silicon Valley startup to Canada. 
\guykawasaki- Trump administration's war on science has hit 'crisis point', experts warn 
\guykawasaki- Does fear hold you back from making your most important contributions? With the pace of technology and change, are… 
\guykawasaki- Oh, that explains it Trump pins Ukraine call on Energy Secretary Rick Perry 
\guykawasaki- Trump calls for Romney's impeachment | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Who Is Jaime Harrison? Meet Lindsey Graham's Challenger Who Just Raised $2.1 Million 
\guykawasaki- Richard Nixon’s WH Counsel Sends ‘Urgent’ Message: ‘Trump Wants to End American Sovereignty’ 
\guykawasaki- WATCH: Trump Fans Chase Elizabeth Warren Through Airport Screaming ‘Pocahontas’ Slur 
\guykawasaki- Republican Joe Walsh Implores Congressional GOP to Support Trump Impeachment: ‘Put Country Over Party’ 
\guykawasaki- One Thing You Can Do: Smarter Laundry. 
\guykawasaki- I need these once a day. The Smoothest Way to Handle Forgetting Someone’s Name 
\guykawasaki- Tips For Sending Compelling Emails That Convert 
\guykawasaki- Deplorable. John Dean: When I was a whistleblower, the Justice Department protected me. 
\guykawasaki- Do you ever wonder who's fighting crime these days? 
\guykawasaki- Attacking her will help her. Elizabeth Warren Is Living Rent-Free in Mark Zuckerberg's Hoodie. 
\guykawasaki- Breakfasts of champions. @ Coffeebar Redwood City 
\guykawasaki- Art where I get coffee. @ Coffeebar Redwood City 
\guykawasaki- How to Wake Yourself Up Naturally 
\guykawasaki- The 15 Coolest Neighborhoods In The World. 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s impeachment polling is historically unprecedented 
\guykawasaki- How to Step Out of the Drama Triangle and Find Real Peace 
\guykawasaki- Warren gets ‘dramatic shift’ in support from black voters. 
\guykawasaki- The 12 Types of Content Marketing in a Marketer's Arsenal 
\guykawasaki- As an Asian-American, I say let it go. Federal judge upholds Harvard's admissions process in affirmative action cas… 
\guykawasaki- 6 Tricks for Getting Your Brand on Instagram's Explore Page 
\guykawasaki- SMH. 
\guykawasaki- Embarrass America Again. 
\guykawasaki- Need something to eat while watching the impeachment drama unfold? 
\guykawasaki- It's Almost Impossible to Buy a Bad Bike Outside: It's Almost Impossible to Buy a Bad Bike. 
\guykawasaki- U.S. manufacturers experience worst month since 2007-2009 Great Recession, ISM finds. 
\guykawasaki- 13 Best Energy Boosting Foods to Help You Stay Sharp All Day 
\guykawasaki- Attacking her is going to help her. Elizabeth Warren Is Living Rent-Free in Mark Zuckerberg's Hoodie. 
\guykawasaki- How to Control Anxiety and Calm Your Anxious Thoughts 
\guykawasaki- How to limit your social media for a happier and more focused life 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Shoot Migrants’ Legs, Build Alligator Moat: Behind Trump’s Ideas for Border. 
\guykawasaki- Robots are driving down the share of national income that goes to workers, a Fed study shows.… 
\guykawasaki- Can't wait to get one! GoPro's Hero8 Black Is Boring—and That's What Makes It Great. 
\guykawasaki- It was Mueller Time. Now it's Romney time. 
\guykawasaki- A forgotten concept these days: 
\guykawasaki- The racist past of surfing. 
\guykawasaki- Make America Pay to Play Again. A Trump hotel mystery: Giant reservations followed by empty rooms. 
\guykawasaki- How to Learn Fast and Remember More: 5 Effective Techniques 
\guykawasaki- U.S. manufacturers experience worst month since 2007-2009 Great Recession, ISM finds. 
\guykawasaki- What It Will Take to Improve Diversity at Conferences 
\guykawasaki- How to Support an Employee with Social Anxiety 
\guykawasaki- “Amazon has all the resources in the world. If anyone doesn’t have an excuse for becoming more sustainable—it’s Ama… 
\guykawasaki- A Complete Guide to Camera Autofocus Modes 
\guykawasaki- This Clever Gel Works Like a Vaccine for Wildfires 
\guykawasaki- Mainstream culture makes us think that we need to set big goals to be fulfilled in life. This tech CEO disagrees.… 
\guykawasaki- This is the time-management hack that helped me double my income 
\guykawasaki- Can't wait to get in the water with the wetsuits that surf.isurus sent me. They are so well made! 
\guykawasaki- It was an @oldspice Christmas today! Thanks @isaiahmustafa 
\guykawasaki- Think about these things before you tell coworkers that you are looking for a job 
\guykawasaki- Strange magnetic pulses that happen at midnight detected on Mars 
\guykawasaki- Millennials and the rise of tiny homes 
\guykawasaki- Republicans, the Time Has Come. 
\guykawasaki- 20 Moving Photos, Winners Of 2019 Environmental Photographer Of The Year. 
\guykawasaki- The Psychology of Bad Marketing. 
\guykawasaki- Understanding the Rich Asshole Syndrome. 
\guykawasaki- Why the Fourth Industrial Revolution could spell more jobs – not fewer 
\guykawasaki- How to cope under pressure, according to psychology 
\guykawasaki- LOL Barreling toward impeachment proceedings, Pelosi offers Trump her thoughts and prayers 
\guykawasaki- I'm with her. 
\guykawasaki- Better than a movie. 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Former House Speaker Paul Ryan reportedly wants to use his position on the board of Fox to 'do something' abou… 
\guykawasaki- You think? Trump's Ukraine affair makes Senate Republicans look like patsies. 
\guykawasaki- Throwing shakas with michelleobama 
\guykawasaki- The Whistle-Blower Knows How to Write. 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Dog-walking startup Wag raised $300 million to unleash growth. Then things got messy. 
\guykawasaki- SMH. NRA Was 'Foreign Asset' To Russia Ahead of 2016, New Senate Report Reveals. 
\guykawasaki- What young people around the world want most in a partner 
\guykawasaki- True patriots! Scientists booted from EPA panel form their own group 
\guykawasaki- Career tips for your first job 
\guykawasaki- A landlord is a landlord. The Wildly Appealing, Totally Doomed Future of Work. 
\guykawasaki- A landlord is a landlord. The Wildly Appealing, Totally Doomed Future of Work. 
\guykawasaki- The Whistle-Blower’s Explosive Allegations. 
\guykawasaki- Your brand needs a visual style guide: Here’s how to create one 
\guykawasaki- 7 career tips to help you succeed in the creative industry 
\guykawasaki- Something you can use. 
\guykawasaki- Britain has a brilliant method of naming Supreme Court justices. 
\guykawasaki- 50 most amazingly talented graphic designers to follow on Instagram 
\guykawasaki- Which drink is best for hydration? Hint: It isn't water. 
\guykawasaki- Cindy McCain says GOP no longer the 'party that my husband and I belonged to' 
\guykawasaki- Great Thunberg Turned Donald Trump’s Sarcastic Insult Into Her Twitter Bio 
\guykawasaki- My tips and tricks for bringing your own cause, product, or service from idea to reality using evangelism. JOIN the… 
\guykawasaki- Who Are 2019's MacArthur 'Genius' Grant Winners? Here's The Full List Of Fellows. 
\guykawasaki- Peak Astrology means your millennial coworkers probably have a Slack channel for horoscopes. 
\guykawasaki- The America That Isn’t Polarized. 
\guykawasaki- You’ve probably noticed my [slight] obsession with my MERGE4 socks. 🧦 Now that the weather is getting a little chil… 
\guykawasaki- Major scientific report shows "unprecedented" transformation of our oceans and frozen regions 
\guykawasaki- Environmental photographer of the year 2019 winners – in pictures. 
\guykawasaki- SMH. The White House accidentally emailed its Ukraine talking points to Nancy Pelosi 
\guykawasaki- Cue Jaws theme song. Pelosi Tells Trump: ‘You Have Come Into My Wheelhouse’. 
\guykawasaki- Hanging with my buddies from trust15_toronto before the Michelle Obama show. @ Meridian Hall – formerly Sony Centre 
\guykawasaki- Morrison responds to Greta Thunberg by warning children against 'needless' climate anxiety 
\guykawasaki- The hardest part of starting your own business is taking the first step. This course for is designed for budding en… 
\guykawasaki- In a city filled with murals, Deb stands out, spray can in hand. 
\guykawasaki- I used to have a job collecting leaves. I was raking it in. #dadjokes #jokeoftheday via @baddadjokes 
\guykawasaki- Facebook Removes Trump Propaganda Page After It Was Revealed It Was Run From Ukraine 
\guykawasaki- Michelle faced some tough questions at @elevatetechfest 
\guykawasaki- What Happens When A Country Suddenly Gets Rid Of Most Of Its Cash?. 
\guykawasaki- How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it! via @baddadjokes 
\guykawasaki- Michelle Obama is in the house. @ Meridian Hall – formerly Sony Centre 
\guykawasaki- Opening act for Michelle Obama at @elevatetechfest @ Meridian Hall – formerly Sony Centre 
\guykawasaki- Trump mocks teen climate activist. 
\guykawasaki- Greta Thunberg just proved that Trump is no match for her 
\guykawasaki- How Trump’s Presidency Looks from Rural Wisconsin. 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren couples an emotional punch with attention to detail. 
\guykawasaki- The Anatomy of a Bestselling Novel [Infographic] 
\guykawasaki- Everyone wants to lower their bounce rate, but why is it important? Here's everything you need to know, including… 
\guykawasaki- Better to be lucky than smart. What Is The Most Important Element Of A Successful Startup? Hint, It’s Not The Idea,… 
\guykawasaki- The Duh Party. Senate Republicans skip criticizing Trump over handling of whistleblower: 'It's a lot of hysteria ov… 
\guykawasaki- How to live your best creative life with better planning. 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump vs. the United States of America. 
\guykawasaki- A pin on Pinterest can have traffic for days, weeks, even years after it was first pinned: 
\guykawasaki- Undocumented immigrant kids fill Worthington, Minnesota's schools. 
\guykawasaki- Which weighs more, a pound of stone or a pound of styrofoam? It’s not a trick question: your brain answers differe… 
\guykawasaki- My ‘Wise Guy’ Story - Thrive Global 
\guykawasaki- This Chrome Extension Saves Images to Google Photos. 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren joins GM picket line as strike enters day 7. 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump is no hero of the working class. And the GM strikers know it. 
\guykawasaki- Investing $1.8 trillion globally in climate change adaptation could result in $7.1 trillion in benefits, according… 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump Said This Wall Can’t Be Climbed. Professional Climbers Say He’s Full of Sh*t 
\guykawasaki- “Why not give the camera what it wants, which is a face?” says Leonardo Selvaggio, an interdisciplinary artist. Jus… 
\guykawasaki- Watch "Sandy Hook shooting parents release haunting anti-violence ad" 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s week of dithering over Iran makes America look weak and foolish. 
\guykawasaki- 20 jobs popular in the 1980s that have almost disappeared 
\guykawasaki- Trump Has Created 1.5 Million Fewer Jobs Than Obama. 
\guykawasaki- Trump Declares War on California. 
\guykawasaki- How to manage the dance of disk images, Time Machine, and excessively large backups 
\guykawasaki- The two Countryman mics at the bottom replaced all the stuff at the top. Love Countryman mics. 
\guykawasaki- Beats WWIII. Billionaire investor on Elizabeth Warren as president: Market might not even open - MarketWatch 
\guykawasaki- What is the circular economy? Here is a perfect visual explanation 
\guykawasaki- 101 ways to fight climate change - Curbed 
\guykawasaki- 9 practical ways to tackle climate change, starting in your kitchen. 
\guykawasaki- Trump Says He’s Completely Immune from ‘the Criminal Process’ in Lawsuit to Keep Tax Returns Secret 
\guykawasaki- My first avocado toast of many at @coffeebar89509 Redwood City. 
\guykawasaki- Getting my first ever @modbar cup of coffee at @coffeebar89509 in Redwood City. @ Coffeebar Redwood City 
\guykawasaki- Scientists are racing to reengineer the banana before it's gone forever 
\guykawasaki- How deepfakes undermine truth and threaten democracy 
\guykawasaki- Influencers are over rated. Bar savagely shuts down Instagram influencer's request for free drinks. 
\guykawasaki- 5 tips to get paid faster as a small business owner 
\guykawasaki- Moscow won't be happy with MoscowMitch. McConnell backs election security amendment after facing criticism POLITICO… 
\guykawasaki- It's only the survival of the human race. Senate Democrats release list of climate studies buried by Trump administ… 
\guykawasaki- Imagine if he's reelected An unshackled Trump finally gets the presidency he always wanted - POLITICO 
\guykawasaki- Imagine if he gets reelected. An unshackled Trump finally gets the presidency he always wanted - POLITICO 
\guykawasaki- A university studied the water quality on planes. You may want to skip the coffee on these two airlines. 
\guykawasaki- Colt suspends production of AR-15 for civilian market 
\guykawasaki- What could really increase your life expectancy, lifespan and longevity? 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump asks if anyone is 'dumb enough' to believe he would 'say something inappropriate' on a call with a forei… 
\guykawasaki- Now that cars don't pollute, EPA can focus on other issues. Trump says EPA to issue notice to San Francisco on home… 
\guykawasaki- New algae-based bioreactor can swallow carbon dioxide 400x faster than trees. 
\guykawasaki- The World’s Largest and Most Notable Energy Sources 
\guykawasaki- What Should Young Children Drink? Mostly Milk and Water, Scientists Say. 
\guykawasaki- We Spent 10 Months Investigating Kavanaugh. Here’s What We Found.. 
\guykawasaki- The biggest problem in AI? Machines have no common sense. 
\guykawasaki- Tally of the human and economic toll of gun violence in all 50 states. It's more than vaping. 
\guykawasaki- American Migration Patterns Should Terrify the GOP 
\guykawasaki- How to outsmart a scam: Strategies from a legendary con man 
\guykawasaki- WATCH: Second Amendment Bro Comes for Kamala Harris and it Goes Poorly For Him 
\guykawasaki- New algae-based bioreactor can swallow carbon dioxide 400x faster than trees. 
\guykawasaki- Too clean air is a problem. Trump revokes waiver for California to set higher auto emissions standards. 
\guykawasaki- It ain't over yet. 
\guykawasaki- How less professionalism will get you ahead in the workplace of the future 
\guykawasaki- How to take screenshots with iPhone and Android phones. 
\guykawasaki- This is why you end up copying others in social situations 
\guykawasaki- I love that she does this. Elizabeth Warren took selfies for 4 hours after her New York rally. It's part of her pla… 
\guykawasaki- How to create compelling YouTube thumbnails 
\guykawasaki- What's in my bag. 
\guykawasaki- MoscowMitch McConnell: The Man Who Sold America – Rolling Stone 
\guykawasaki- Stepping up your Instagram stories with Canva 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Sean Spicer Has Most Embarrassing 'Dancing With the Stars' Debut Ever, Period. 
\guykawasaki- Something Special Is Happening in Rural America. 
\guykawasaki- Off-the-scale stupidity. 
\guykawasaki- Cluelessness. The silenced: meet the climate whistleblowers muzzled by Trump. 
\guykawasaki- Duh. WeWork Pushes Back I.P.O. After Chilly Reception From Investors. 
\guykawasaki- Your ultimate guide to brand awareness 
\guykawasaki- What is the golden ratio? What you need to know and how to use it 
\guykawasaki- Attack on Saudi leaves world without spare oil capacity 
\guykawasaki- How to Create a Unique Instagram Aesthetic that Fits Your Brand 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren Goes After Corruption. 
\guykawasaki- Interesting stuff. How we make pencils 
\guykawasaki- Warren Goes After President Trump's Sister as Part of Anti-Corruption Plan. 
\guykawasaki- New technologies have made it easy and cheap to surveil workers, checking for everything from intellectual property… 
\guykawasaki- The math I can handle is "Invest $1 and get back $20," but here are greater challenges for you. 
\guykawasaki- "Confirmation is not exoneration..." 
\guykawasaki- The Myths of the “Genius” Behind Trump’s Reelection Campaign — ProPublica 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump calls on Justice Department to 'rescue' Kavanaugh, advises him to sue for libel 
\guykawasaki- How to Get Clicks Without Resorting to Clickbait: 5 Easy Tactics 
\guykawasaki- The art of the deal. Trump faces dwindling leverage with China | TheHill. 
\guykawasaki- How Hackers Invented Kiteboarding 
\guykawasaki- Joseph Dunford’s steady hand in the turmoil of Trump’s Washington 
\guykawasaki- The Guardian: Trump is seriously, frighteningly unstable – the world is in danger. 
\guykawasaki- Vaping is not the biggest threat to our children today. 
\guykawasaki- How Journaling Can Improve Your Life 
\guykawasaki- 5 scathingly funny cartoons about Trump's vaping ban 
\guykawasaki- Walmart Just Revealed the Surprising Way Customers Reacted to Click and Collect 
\guykawasaki- Across the nation, hundreds of thousands of kids are going to school unvaccinated. 
\guykawasaki- Kit Kat Is Replacing Plastic Packaging With Origami Paper 
\guykawasaki- At Work, Expertise Is Falling Out of Favor 
\guykawasaki- SMH Josh Geltzer on what happens if Trump won’t concede in 2020. 
\guykawasaki- How the Word ‘Hangry’ Came to Define a Timeless Feeling - Eater 
\guykawasaki- Jane Goodall Keeps Going, With a Lot of Hope (and a Bit of Whiskey) 
\guykawasaki- The .01 Percent Freakout Over Elizabeth Warren Just Makes Her More Powerful. 
\guykawasaki- 'SMH. National tragedy': Trump begins border wall construction in Unesco reserve 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump declares himself unimpeachable, based on 'perhaps the greatest economy' ever 
\guykawasaki- Dawn donut patrol. @ Dunlaps Donuts 
\guykawasaki- Magnetic Roaches, Cubed Poop, and Dirty Money: The Wonderful Winners of the 2019 Ig Nobel Prize 
\guykawasaki- The Two Most Mysterious Words in Modern Shopping 
\guykawasaki- Protesters inflate massive 'Trump Rat' in Baltimore ahead of president's visit | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- If we spend $1.7 trillion on climate adaptation we could make four times that much back - MIT Technology Review 
\guykawasaki- 10 Rules Small Businesses Must Follow as a Result of Email Spam Laws 
\guykawasaki- As NRA membership wanes, America's largest black gun group is thriving 
\guykawasaki- Long but worth reading ‘This isn’t just a stupid story, it’s a big story’: An oral history of Sharpiegate 
\guykawasaki- Playing chicken with someone who has less to lose. Trump team rushes to find escape hatch for China tariffs. 
\guykawasaki- Only 41% of Managers Check in on Employee Wellbeing Regularly, Do You? 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Man Trump Called 'My African American' Leaving GOP, Says Party Pursuing 'Pro-White' Agenda 
\guykawasaki- How to Build Your Audience with Instagram Stories 
\guykawasaki- WATCH: Congressional Hearing Groans at Rep. Matt Gaetz Rant About Nadler’s ‘Low-T’ Impeachment Inquiry 
\guykawasaki- Condoleezza Rice warns of 'Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse' in US foreign policy | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- How to take good Instagram photos: 5 tips to try now 
\guykawasaki- No empathy here. Trump admin won't give temporary protected status to Bahamians who fled Hurricane Dorian 
\guykawasaki- Do you want to change the world like Apple? This course will explain how to use a technique called evangelism to ch… 
\guykawasaki- But we have money for walls School Librarian Jobs Face an Uncertain Future - CityLab 
\guykawasaki- What gives him the right to call people boneheads? Trump says Fed 'boneheads' should cut interest rates to zero 'or… 
\guykawasaki- Which fictional character do you think would drive this? 🤯 It's the new VISION EQS from @MercedesBenz. Disclosure:… 
\guykawasaki- TLDR Trump White House Staffers Who Have Quit or Been Fired | 
\guykawasaki- What John Bolton Resignation Reveals About Working For Trump 
\guykawasaki- My shortest board is 9-9! Steeped in Hawaiian History, Longboarding Rides an Instagram Wave. 
\guykawasaki- My Essential Guide to Entrepreneurship Course SIGN UP HERE #onlinecourse #entrepreneurs… 
\guykawasaki- Juul gave presentations in schools to kids—and the FDA is fuming | Ars Technica 
\guykawasaki- iOS 13.1 already has a confirmed release date: September 30. 
\guykawasaki- Sound Body, Sound Mind: Physically Fit People Have Stronger, Sharper Brains - Study Finds 
\guykawasaki- New iPhone’s ‘trypophobic’ design disturbs people with a fear of holes 
\guykawasaki- Truth and science are so over-rated... 
\guykawasaki- Trump Admin: Businesses Can Fire Men for Being Gay If They Fire Women for Being Lesbian, Too. ACLU: No. 
\guykawasaki- Why does the new iPhone 11 Pro have 3 cameras? 
\guykawasaki- Trump Had Deal With Scotland Airport That Sent Flight Crews to His Resort 
\guykawasaki- We’ve All Dreamed of Moving to This State—and Now It’s Officially the Happiest State in the U.S. 
\guykawasaki- Here’s everything Apple announced today at the iPhone 11 event 
\guykawasaki- Want to Create a Personal Brand? Don't!. 
\guykawasaki- 9/11 National Day of Service: 4 ways to volunteer on September 11, 2019 
\guykawasaki- LEARN How to Promote Your Product, Service, Company, or Idea Course info here: 
\guykawasaki- Love it. Tina Turner Is Having the Time of Her Life. 
\guykawasaki- Mark Sanford might be Republicans’ last chance - The Washington Post 
\guykawasaki- A life lesson. Want to Do Business in Silicon Valley? Better Act Nice. 
\guykawasaki- Grate people. Trump says he fired national security advisor John Bolton 
\guykawasaki- How to Find Your Location History on iPhone or iPad. 
\guykawasaki- In a sustainable future, customers will want a solution that meets their wish list in terms of comfort, design, and… 
\guykawasaki- Starting with Launching and Pitching, moving on to Fundraising and Team Building, and concluding with Marketing and… 
\guykawasaki- The End Of Social Media Like Counts via @Mike_Allton 
\guykawasaki- Best Udemy courses for entrepreneurs. 
\guykawasaki- The language you need to know if you want to impress airline employees 
\guykawasaki- Global Liveability Ranking 2019: The most liveable city in America 
\guykawasaki- Learn the main concepts of evangelism and how to apply it to your business. JOIN the course here:… 
\guykawasaki- A Life or Death Deportation 
\guykawasaki- Helmets don’t eliminate concussions. It’s time for the NFL to ditch them | NFL | The Guardian 
\guykawasaki- ’Swedish Dads’ shows what parenting could be like if fathers took more parental leave 
\guykawasaki- Prepare to be surprised. 
\guykawasaki- Trump Shows A Fake Hurricane Map Altered With A Sharpie, Inspires 30 Hilarious Memes | Bored Panda 
\guykawasaki- It’s good to be president. The US military may have spent millions to help prop up a Trump resort 
\guykawasaki- images reveal evolution of hokusai's 'great wave' through earlier versions 
\guykawasaki- the_weeman is rocking Valley Fair at the merge4 store. 
\guykawasaki- In the way to see the_weeman at the @Merge4_ store at 11 
\guykawasaki- Concerned about autism? Vets fear anti-vax pet owners are putting their animals’ health at risk 
\guykawasaki- Full list: The 127 defense projects postponed for the border barrier 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump challenges California deal to limit car pollution | PBS NewsHour 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump challenges California deal to limit car pollution | PBS NewsHour 
\guykawasaki- When do you know when you have a winning idea? Stuck on where to go? Try my course The Essential Guide to Entrepren… 
\guykawasaki- ‘Steve Bullock Is the Most Important Person on the Planet’ 
\guykawasaki- The Trump administration plans to gut food stamps, hitting red states hardest 
\guykawasaki- Republican politicians, states join NRA in backing gun-maker in Sandy Hook case 
\guykawasaki- Longboarding at Surf Ranch. 
\guykawasaki- My tips and tricks for bringing your own cause, product, or service from idea to reality using evangelism. JOIN the… 
\guykawasaki- The Top 20 Coolest Schools 2019 
\guykawasaki- One Campus. Seven Professors Facing Harassment Accusations. Few Consequences. — ProPublica 
\guykawasaki- Of course! @ University Art Store Redwood City 
\guykawasaki- I'll be there too! @Merge4_ 
\guykawasaki- 8 of the Best Scrappy Social Media Management Hacks for Small Businesses 
\guykawasaki- I hope millions of copies are sold. 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump administration rolls back Obama-era lightbulb rules | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- The power of job crafting for sustainability jobs — and beyond 
\guykawasaki- Recap of the climate-change debate on CNN. 
\guykawasaki- Mike Pence Derided by Ireland's Media After His Brexit Faux Pas: 'How Dare He?' 
\guykawasaki- These Are The Military Projects Losing Funding To Trump’s Border Wall 
\guykawasaki- Listen HERE 👉🏻 Loved this recent interview on The Ziglar Show! #podcast #interview… 
\guykawasaki- 10 simple ways to instantly jazz up your brand’s Instagram feed 
\guykawasaki- There’s a $218 billion design problem sitting in your fridge right now 
\guykawasaki- U.S. Open 2019: The Power of Naomi Osaka and Coco Gauff Together, in Victory and Defeat 
\guykawasaki- San Francisco Board Declares NRA a Domestic Terrorist Organization 
\guykawasaki- How to create color harmony in your designs 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Republican Men Have Some Weird Ideas About Periods and Pregnancy 
\guykawasaki- More family time? Rep. Bill Flores is the 5th Texas Republican to announce retirement 
\guykawasaki- How to choose a website color scheme 
\guykawasaki- Intimate portraits of Barack and Michelle Obama – in pictures 
\guykawasaki- We Tried 7 Ways to Hard Boil Eggs and Found a Clear Winner 
\guykawasaki- This beauty will be on display at IAA in Frankfurt, Germany in 7 days. It’s @mercedesbenz all-electric vision. The… 
\guykawasaki- The real relationship between your age and your chance of success 
\guykawasaki- Recycling was supposed to help save the planet. It’s past time for us to rethink that idea. 
\guykawasaki- The power to think ahead in a reckless age | TED talk by Bina Venkataraman 
\guykawasaki- NRA melts down over Walmart decision to reduce its ammo sales 
\guykawasaki- Walmart ends all handgun ammunition sales and asks customers not to carry guns into stores 
\guykawasaki- How climate change affects your mental health | TED talk by Britt Wray 
\guykawasaki- SMH. 
\guykawasaki- After 30 Years I Chose Joy Over Money In My Work. Then Something Unexpected Happened 
\guykawasaki- Companies are increasingly using algorithms to manage their remote workforces. Called “algorithmic management,” thi… 
\guykawasaki- Playing Class Clown Could Cost Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin His Job – Mother Jones 
\guykawasaki- It looks like Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube want to kill the popularity metrics they invented 
\guykawasaki- 10 Awesome Upselling Techniques to Try Right Away 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump’s Iran Tweet Included Image From Specific Spy Satellite, Amateurs Find 
\guykawasaki- Can Emotional Exhaustion Cause You to Quit a Profitable Business? 
\guykawasaki- Revealed: Georgia Republicans use power of state to suppress minority vote 
\guykawasaki- How Your Life Changes When You Focus On Being Positive 
\guykawasaki- Optimists Live Longer, Study Finds — And A Positive Outlook Is Teachable : Shots - Health News 
\guykawasaki- He’s also one funny guy. Riding the waves with Garrett McNamara in Nazaré, Portugal, an ancient town with giant wav… 
\guykawasaki- 7 Things To Do When You Feel Like Giving Up 
\guykawasaki- Watch the ABCvideo. America’s gun problem, explained 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Green cards only for immigrants with ‘green’? | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Portland Timbers fans have been using the Iron Front symbol. The MLS says it is associated with Antifa. - The Washi… 
\guykawasaki- Labor Day: “Lunch atop a Skyscraper,” was a staged photo of New York iron workers during the Depression - The Washi… 
\guykawasaki- Here are 14 reasons I’ll vote for any Democrat over Trump - The Washington Post 
\guykawasaki- Intelligence veterans are pulling their hair out over Trump’s ‘outrageous’ and ‘moronic’ decision to tweet out a ph… 
\guykawasaki- The Senate suddenly looks like it’s up for grabs in 2020 
\guykawasaki- If you have too many tasks piling up in your to-do list, then they can actually freak you out so much that you get… 
\guykawasaki- 7 Habits of Highly Miserable People 
\guykawasaki- Hard choices one mother made to build her startup 
\guykawasaki- Exactly how to build your tribe when you’re working solo 
\guykawasaki- Ikea is sharing people’s best Ikea hacks, and they’re brilliant 
\guykawasaki- Why People Hate Religion 
\guykawasaki- Thank you, Stacey Abrams, Kirsten Gillibrand and Jason Kander - CNN 
\guykawasaki- SMH. All 53 GOP Senators Sign SCOTUS Letter Accusing Dems of ‘Direct, Immediate Threat’ to Independence of Judiciary 
\guykawasaki- The hardest part of starting your own business is taking the first step. This course for is designed for budding en… 
\guykawasaki- Mattis says he owes Trump silence, but won’t keep quiet ‘forever’ 
\guykawasaki- A step too far for the Appalachian Trail 
\guykawasaki- Half Moon Bay in the morning. @ Half Moon Bay Harbor 
\guykawasaki- Do you want to change the world like Apple? This course will explain how to use a technique called evangelism to ch… 
\guykawasaki- Trump Offers Pardons for Lawbreaking to Build the Wall 
\guykawasaki- Back to school, without a teacher: Inside the struggle to keep teachers at rural schools 
\guykawasaki- The Man Who Couldn’t Take It Anymore 
\guykawasaki- The research is crystal clear that when kids feel warmth and affection from their parents, it has a life-long posit… 
\guykawasaki- American Cyber Command hamstrung Iran’s paramilitary force - MIT Technology Review 
\guykawasaki- Stock Photos for Vaccines Are Notoriously Bad, So We Created Our Own 
\guykawasaki- Could this tiny new GO stabilized camera be game-changer for social video? 
\guykawasaki- Two Children Were Left Alone For Eight Days After ICE Arrested Their Parents During Mississippi Raids 
\guykawasaki- This place is a palace for sushi. @ Sushi Main Street 
\guykawasaki- True that. @ Jungletraders 
\guykawasaki- The cool bathroom at Cafe Society. I hope too many people don’t buy coffee there now. @ Cafe Society 
\guykawasaki- No kidding. @ Coastside Books 
\guykawasaki- What you should know about the Johnson &amp; Johnson lawsuit and the opioid crisis 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren Shares Freshman Year Photo in Homemade Dress, Offers Message of Support to College Students 
\guykawasaki- Now that’s a mural. @ Downtown Half Moon Bay 
\guykawasaki- What’s So ‘Off-Putting’ About Elizabeth Warren? 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s worst 2020 poll yet 
\guykawasaki- Love this idea. This startup helps you find any place on the planet without an address. 
\guykawasaki- That’s clear. @ Pillar Point Boat Launch Ramp 
\guykawasaki- What Trump Doesn’t Get About the Chinese Economy - POLITICO Magazine 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Bret Stephens’s “bedbug” meltdown, explained 
\guykawasaki- How a 'NULL' License Plate Landed One Hacker in Ticket Hell 
\guykawasaki- The Hard-Luck Texas Town That Bet on Bitcoin—and Lost 
\guykawasaki- The Amazon Is on Fire, but Earth Has Plenty of Oxygen 
\guykawasaki- Immigrant children with special medical status ordered to leave U.S. 
\guykawasaki- Cracking the code of dyslexia 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Homeland Security moves $155 million from FEMA disaster relief for immigration enforcement 
\guykawasaki- How long is your commute? In the U.S., the average commuter spends 27 minutes a day getting to work — a number far… 
\guykawasaki- What It’s Like to Be the Parent of a Kid Who Can’t Get Vaccinated 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Paul Ryan will now profit off his failures to strip healthcare from millions of Americans 
\guykawasaki- New technologies help companies monitor their workers’ every move. But do those data tell them anything useful?… 
\guykawasaki- From Animal Farm to Catch-22: the most regrettable rejections in the history of publishing 
\guykawasaki- How about the camps at the border? 
\guykawasaki- How the plastic bottle went from miracle container to hated garbage 
\guykawasaki- Another side to the fires in the Amazon. 
\guykawasaki- I admit that I love the new Surfline service that provides you with video of your rides. 
\guykawasaki- When it comes to concern about global warming, the good news is that a growing number of Americans are alarmed. The… 
\guykawasaki- Meet the drain sock — a simple pollution solution taking the world by storm 
\guykawasaki- The behavioral science of DIY depolarization 
\guykawasaki- Thanks to #MoscowMitch McConnell, U.S. now has no functioning election commission. 
\guykawasaki- SMH Can't Believe This Needs Saying, But Here's Why You Shouldn't Nuke A Hurricane 
\guykawasaki- “Conveniently left out of our founding mythology is the fact that one of the primary reasons the colonists decided… 
\guykawasaki- A sudden moment of self-awareness in childhood propels people on a quest to explore life’s mysteries.… 
\guykawasaki- Quitting takes guts too. 
\guykawasaki- Watch out for these student loan scams! 😱 
\guykawasaki- Privacy and credit cards. It's complicated. 
\guykawasaki- These people are so perfect that they have nothing better to do than criticize someone else’s interests? 
\guykawasaki- Learn the key universal concepts that lead all great businesses to success. TAKE COURSE HERE:… 
\guykawasaki- Climate change: Should you fly, drive or take the train? 
\guykawasaki- Bali fights back as tons of floating plastic threaten to spoil once-pristine paradise 
\guykawasaki- Joe Walsh announces GOP primary challenge against Trump 
\guykawasaki- Why Baltimore is Becoming a Haven for Founders and Attracting Out-of-State Talent. 
\guykawasaki- Regressing... 
\guykawasaki- The Summer of Elizabeth Warren 
\guykawasaki- ‘It’s devastating’. End of GM in Ohio town as Trump fails to bring back midwest jobs 
\guykawasaki- Once You Try Spanish Fried Eggs, You’ll Never Cook Them Any Other Way. 
\guykawasaki- Oops. Justice Department says it mistakenly emailed link to white nationalist website 
\guykawasaki- Gay workers not covered by civil rights law, Trump admin tells Supreme Court 
\guykawasaki- A Look Back At 'The Godfather,' With Mario Puzo And Francis Ford Coppola : NPR 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s fake accent angers Asian Americans as they veer left 
\guykawasaki- Fentanyl is a greater threat than illegal immigration... 
\guykawasaki- Want to see what we're up against? Watch American Factory on Netflix. 
\guykawasaki- Harvard Law Prof Says President Trump Is a ‘Fuxxxng Racist’ Who Wants to ‘Reverse Outcome of the Civil War’ 
\guykawasaki- Trump Has Defected to the Autocrats - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- “Extreme larks” get up naturally when some people have hardly gone to bed. 
\guykawasaki- Conservatives would be calling for Hillary's termination if she were AG and this happened... 
\guykawasaki- Why meaning beats happiness at work 
\guykawasaki- Want to Improve Your Memory? A Decade-Long Stanford Study Suggests You Should Stop Doing This 1 Thing 
\guykawasaki- 20 Social Media Ideas to Keep Your Brand’s Feed Fresh 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Rick Perry, The Man In Charge Of American Nuclear Weapons, Fell For An Instagram Hoax 
\guykawasaki- This is what it’s like to swim through the Great Pacific Garbage Patch 
\guykawasaki- Are small habits getting in the way of your happiness? 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s Phone Calls With Wayne LaPierre Reveal NRA’s Influence 
\guykawasaki- "Defending a culture is not the same as standing up for beliefs about God." 
\guykawasaki- The art of declaring victory. 
\guykawasaki- 13 Critical Things to Consider Before Switching Careers 
\guykawasaki- Someone will be resigning to spendmore time with family soon. U.S. created 500,000 fewer jobs since 2018 than prev… 
\guykawasaki- A complete guide to creating an Instagram Story 
\guykawasaki- A Crash Course in Microcopy: How to Craft the Perfect Words for Social Media Captions 
\guykawasaki- 60 free calligraphy fonts to bring charm to your designs 
\guykawasaki- The Obamas’ first film, ‘American Factory,’ debuts on Netflix 
\guykawasaki- Trump administration proposes daring cure for recession: More tax cuts for the rich 
\guykawasaki- This too. Trump again plays on Messianic claims as he embraces ‘King of Israel’ title 
\guykawasaki- Don't vape. 
\guykawasaki- Many millennials aren’t satisfied with their jobs. Some are taking the drastic measure of starting ‘minternships’,… 
\guykawasaki- The first glacier lost to climate change. 
\guykawasaki- Cleaning up the plastic in the ocean - 60 Minutes. 
\guykawasaki- ‘Joke or not, these types of comments are felonies’: Police arrest Florida teen 
\guykawasaki- 4 reasons why it pays to get better at small talk 
\guykawasaki- Democrats’ Focus on Electability 
\guykawasaki- This is how to fight fake news at work in a post-trust era 
\guykawasaki- How online extremists are shaping the minds of white teens 
\guykawasaki- Instagram Removes Like Counts, How Should Marketers Adjust? 
\guykawasaki- "My personal odyssey took longer than it should have, but I’m not concerned with being on the right side of history… 
\guykawasaki- Top business books for for founders. 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Top White House economic adviser says Trump still ‘looking at’ buying Greenland 
\guykawasaki- Can’t wait. Mercedes-Benz unveils all-electric MPV van with 250 miles of range 
\guykawasaki- Does anyone understand the 2020 race? This scholar nailed the blue wave — here’s her forecast 
\guykawasaki- Want To Figure Out How To Be Charming? 10 Practical Suggestions 
\guykawasaki- Meditation and yoga practice linked to reduced volume in brain region tied to negative emotions 
\guykawasaki- My interview on the Smart Business Revolution podcast is live!: . Thx @JohnCorcoran… 
\guykawasaki- Why iPhone users sneer at Android Green Bubbles in iMessage 
\guykawasaki- Procrastination isn’t shameful or a character flaw. Instead it’s rooted in a very human need: the need to feel comp… 
\guykawasaki- ‘Plastic recycling is a myth’: what really happens to your rubbish? 
\guykawasaki- Tumblr and the End of the Eyeballs-Are-Everything Era 
\guykawasaki- The Warren Effect. 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Aides got Trump to delay tariffs by telling President it could ‘ruin Christmas’ 
\guykawasaki- Despicable. Women Are Fleeing Death at Home. The U.S. Wants to Keep Them Out. 
\guykawasaki- Megan Rapinoe: ‘We’re everything Trump loves – except that we’re powerful women’ 
\guykawasaki- Duh. Immigrant-owned businesses contribute billions to U.S. economy 
\guykawasaki- Your thinking patterns impact how you see yourself. Here's how to work through some of the ones that don't serve yo… 
\guykawasaki- And Now, the Really Big Coal Plants Begin to Close - Scientific American 
\guykawasaki- 11 Incredibly Useful Websites You Might Not Know About 
\guykawasaki- Ben Howe on Evangelical Christians’ Support for Trump 
\guykawasaki- Ben Howe on Evangelical Christians’ Support for Trump 
\guykawasaki- Fake farmer Devin Nunes buys farm, fending off ‘fake farmer’ criticism 
\guykawasaki- It’s More Important to Be Authentic Than Impressive 
\guykawasaki- NRA Spent Tens of Thousands on Hair and Makeup for CEO’s Wife 
\guykawasaki- Trump appoints student loan industry executive to be top loan watchdog | PBS NewsHour 
\guykawasaki- What Is an API &amp; Why Does It Matter for Social Media? 
\guykawasaki- Trump thinks immigrants cost the U.S. He’s wrong. My family proves it. - The Washington Post 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren ran across a field and the internet went nuts - CNN Video 
\guykawasaki- Netanyahu takes a big loss for Trump’s little win against ‘the squad’ 
\guykawasaki- Madeleine Albright: Trump official’s tweak of Statue of Liberty poem is ‘completely un-American’ 
\guykawasaki- Onion material. Twitter Suspends Anthony Scaramucci for calling Trump Fat 
\guykawasaki- Believe it or not, good news: Trump’s counterattack against clean energy is collapsing 
\guykawasaki- 70 percent of startups scaled too soon in some aspect of their business, directly contributing to their eventual fa… 
\guykawasaki- Upgrade Your Food Storage with Reusable Stasher Bags 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren Took On Obama Over Student Debt Forgiveness. 
\guykawasaki- We are the asteroid. 
\guykawasaki- Whether you’ve started a company, work for a startup, or consider yourself an aspiring entrepreneur, learn the key… 
\guykawasaki- What a leader. Trump is clearly scared about the economy, and he’s setting up Jerome Powell as his fall guy - The W… 
\guykawasaki- When Will All the Ice in the Arctic Be Gone? - Scientific American 
\guykawasaki- Starting with Launching and Pitching, moving on to Fundraising and Team Building, and concluding with Marketing and… 
\guykawasaki- How #MoscowMitch Is Helping Democrats 
\guykawasaki- If you have an idea for a business that you think will make the world a better place, this class will help you orga… 
\guykawasaki- The Biomechanical Perfection of Simone Biles in Flight | WIRED 
\guykawasaki- Learn the main concepts of evangelism and how to apply it to your business. JOIN the course here:… 
\guykawasaki- Hidden cameras are forbidden in your vacation rental, but some exist anyway. Here’s how to track them down - CNET 
\guykawasaki- 21% of Your Employees May Think They’re More Qualified Than You 
\guykawasaki- Teens are being hospitalized for lung damage after vaping — “It’s mind-boggling,” doctor says 
\guykawasaki- Margaret Burbidge at 100: the trailblazing astronomer who wouldn’t take ‘no women’ for an answer 
\guykawasaki- Generational differences at work are small. Thinking they’re big affects our behavior. 
\guykawasaki- Cuccinelli’s Family Tree Suggests His New Immigration Rule Might Have Blocked His Ancestors 
\guykawasaki- What Men Can Do to Be Better Mentors and Sponsors to Women 
\guykawasaki- Stacey Abrams to launch voter protection program in battleground states ahead of the 2020 election 
\guykawasaki- Why a Banking Heiress Spent Her Fortune on Keeping Immigrants Out 
\guykawasaki- 13 Email Marketing Mistakes to Avoid for Better Engagement 
\guykawasaki- Steve King questions if there would be any population left if not for rape and incest 
\guykawasaki- Evangelicals aren’t turned off by Trump’s first term — they’re delighted by it 
\guykawasaki- An article without a diagram isn’t optimized for search, That’s how important images are to SEO. 
\guykawasaki- I’m sure MoscowMitch can resolve this. Russia flies nuclear-capable bombers to region facing Alaska 
\guykawasaki- At Def Con, hackers and lawmakers came together to tackle holes in election security 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s State-by-State Approval Ratings Should Scare Him 
\guykawasaki- 5 Ways to Use Content to Improve Customer Service and Retain Customers 
\guykawasaki- A glimpse inside the Central Processing Center, at the heart of the border crisis - The Washington Post 
\guykawasaki- The hypersane are among us, if only we are prepared to look 
\guykawasaki- Sums it up. Congresswoman: New immigration rule is ‘an excuse to rid the country of people who look like me’ 
\guykawasaki- Sleep hacking: How to control your mitochondrial clocks 
\guykawasaki- This Entomologist Has a Travel Warning: Always Put Your Suitcase in the Hotel Bathroom 
\guykawasaki- Appliance makers believe more and better chimes, alerts, and jingles make for happier customers. Are they right?… 
\guykawasaki- Robert Reich: The myth of the rugged individual 
\guykawasaki- If I was born, I’d be a farmer in Japan under these rules. Cuccinelli Twists Statue Of Liberty Poem To Defend New I… 
\guykawasaki- A glimpse inside the Central Processing Center, at the heart of the border crisis 
\guykawasaki- I get migraines too. What “GLOW” knows about migraines and women’s pain 
\guykawasaki- Ken Cuccinelli rewrites Statue of Liberty poem to make case for limiting immigration 
\guykawasaki- How to follow up after a job interview without being annoying 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Targeted in Mississippi immigration raids, poultry company holds job fair just down the road 
\guykawasaki- Founders should stop freaking out about maintaining a startup culture 
\guykawasaki- How to make good decisions 
\guykawasaki- The rural America death spiral 
\guykawasaki- Make animals extinct again. Endangered species protections weakened by Trump admin - CNNPolitics 
\guykawasaki- Watch ‘Lifelong Conservative’ Iowa Family Explain Why They Can’t Vote For Trump: ‘He’s Not a Conservative’ 
\guykawasaki- From deciding what movie to watch to who’s on laundry duty for the weekend, life with your partner isn’t always eas… 
\guykawasaki- How an Accidental Invention Changed What Americans Eat for Breakfast - HISTORY 
\guykawasaki- Reminiscing about the old days. This Startup Just Landed Guy Kawasaki as Its Chief Evangelist 
\guykawasaki- The Couple in This Famous Woodstock Album Cover Photo Is Still Together 50 Years Later 
\guykawasaki- Border chief explains why there have been no ICE raids at Trump properties 
\guykawasaki- Who answers for these "irregularities"? 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren Brings Campaign of Hope and Optimism to the Iowa State Fair 
\guykawasaki- Is Alexa talking too fast? Now you can slow it down (or speed it up) with these commands 
\guykawasaki- Do carp vote? Republicans block effort to save the Great Lakes from invasive Asian carp 
\guykawasaki- #MoscowMitch: McConnell is finally running scared 
\guykawasaki- The Evangelical Lutheran Church in America just became the country’s first ‘sanctuary church body’ - CNN 
\guykawasaki- Protesting Immigration Policy, and Why I Decided to Get Arrested 
\guykawasaki- Why governments should prioritize well-being 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- Keep calling him #MoscowMitch: McConnell is finally running scared 
\guykawasaki- A Common Trait Among Mass Killers: Hatred Toward Women 
\guykawasaki- Italians decided to fight a conspiracy theory. Here’s what happened next. 
\guykawasaki- Perseid meteor shower: How and when to see one of the best astronomical events of the year 
\guykawasaki- The Buzziest Café in New York City, and the Teens Who Make It Go 
\guykawasaki- If it’s done well, giving constructive criticism doesn’t have to be awkward or unpleasant for you or your co-worker… 
\guykawasaki- There’s no such thing as a bad surf session. 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s Rhetoric Is Inciting Violence, Just Like Mine Did | Time 
\guykawasaki- USDA Agencies Brace for Major Hit After Two-Thirds of Employees Refuse Sudden Relocation 
\guykawasaki- Don’t Assume Trump’s Approval Rating Can’t Climb Higher. It Already Has. 
\guykawasaki- GOAT status! 
\guykawasaki- "...McCulloch shows how creative respellings, expressive punctuation, emoji, memes, and other hallmarks of informal… 
\guykawasaki- Surprise! Trump appears ready to cave to the NRA on gun reform following mass shootings 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren Introduces Sweeping Gun Control Plan 
\guykawasaki- He was way ahead of his time. 
\guykawasaki- Dozens of Moms and Their Rainbow Babies Pose For a Colorful Photo Shoot | Parents 
\guykawasaki- Learn how to grow your business from a humble beginning to an influential industry changer. Join entrepreneurial po… 
\guykawasaki- What we know about the El Paso and Dayton shooters’ guns | PBS NewsHour 
\guykawasaki- How to be persuasive: 7 secrets from hostage negotiation 
\guykawasaki- If in doubt, blame video games. 
\guykawasaki- Make America hypocritical again. 
\guykawasaki- What Elizabeth Warren, Pete Buttigieg, and other US campaigns use for office software 
\guykawasaki- ‘Warren has built a monster’: Inside the Democrats’ battle for Nevada - POLITICO 
\guykawasaki- When do you know when you have a winning idea? Stuck on where to go? Try my course The Essential Guide to Entrepren… 
\guykawasaki- Did you ever think you'd see this day? Amnesty International issues US travel warning citing 'rampant gun violence' 
\guykawasaki- Trump made his visits to Dayton and El Paso all about him 
\guykawasaki- Feeling safer? Feeling better about your job prospects? U.S. defends secretive Mississippi ICE raids as local, stat… 
\guykawasaki- This isn't how I use LinkedIn. :-) 
\guykawasaki- How a rural Virginian town is using entrepreneurship to boost its local economy 
\guykawasaki- Access to the most powerful principles we’ve learned to help you bring your concept to the next level and garner in… 
\guykawasaki- Coffee-house wisdom. @ Java Junction Coffee Roasting 
\guykawasaki- New York Expands N.R.A. Inquiry to Group’s Board Members 
\guykawasaki- An Ocean Plastics Field Trip for Corporate Executives 
\guykawasaki- No still-hospitalized victims of El Paso shooting met with Trump: report | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Foreign Service Officer Chuck Park Resigns in Stunning Op-Ed 
\guykawasaki- I promise this isn’t click bait. Defense Secretary Mark Esper receives the Trump administration’s 2nd Mongolian hor… 
\guykawasaki- 7 scathing cartoons about Trump’s El Paso hypocrisy 
\guykawasaki- New RNC ad. This Generic Ad Will Make Millennials Buy Whatever You’re Selling 
\guykawasaki- My tips and tricks for bringing your own cause, product, or service from idea to reality using evangelism. JOIN the… 
\guykawasaki- Clergy protest outside Mitch McConnell’s office, demand action on gun violence - Religion News Service 
\guykawasaki- Conned. Even fixing Wisconsin’s Foxconn deal won’t fix it, says state-requested report 
\guykawasaki- Is it Okay to Mute Your Annoying Friends on Social Media? 
\guykawasaki- Why, in India, female farmers are paying to become 'womb-less' 
\guykawasaki- Understanding migration. 
\guykawasaki- Interesting perspective of a debate coach. 
\guykawasaki- How to Write Truly Great Headlines (Plus 21 Creative Headline Examples) 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren had another very good debate, poll finds - 
\guykawasaki- What the what? An interesting look at what people with food allergies have to deal with. 
\guykawasaki- Gun used in Dayton shooting advertised as ‘metal and hellfire’ - Business Insider 
\guykawasaki- Forbes: Trump’s Economy Is Decelerating. 
\guykawasaki- July 2019 was the hottest month ever recorded on Earth 
\guykawasaki- Republicans Fear ‘Extinction in the Suburbs’ Over Gun Control 
\guykawasaki- Shaking my head, neck, legs, and toes. Trump says he sees ‘no political appetite’ to ban assault rifles 
\guykawasaki- How Gun Control Groups Are Catching Up to the N.R.A.. 
\guykawasaki- Writer's Guide To Dealing With Haters 
\guykawasaki- This Photo Series Will Make You See Race in a New Way 
\guykawasaki- Trump quietly used regulations to expand gun access 
\guykawasaki- The Looser a State’s Gun Laws, the More Mass Shootings It Has | WIRED 
\guykawasaki- Make the office presidential again. 
\guykawasaki- The First Amendment: what it really means for free speech and why Donald Trump is trampling on it 
\guykawasaki- Art of Growth: Sustainably Scale Your Business ONLINE COURSE: 
\guykawasaki- Pictures of a runner's artistic routes that look like everyday objects - Business Insider 
\guykawasaki- A Conversation With a White Nationalist 
\guykawasaki- Workplace Theft Is on the Rise 
\guykawasaki- Why video games aren’t causing America’s gun problem, in one chart 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Trump plans visits to El Paso and Dayton, where he won’t be universally welcome 
\guykawasaki- What a great idea. Trump calls for social media companies to ‘detect mass shooters before they strike’ 
\guykawasaki- Great interview with @ScottMillerFC of @FranklinCovey CLICK HERE to WATCH: We chatted about… 
\guykawasaki- Dayton mass shooting: timeline proves “good guy with a gun” myth is just that. 
\guykawasaki- 10 easy email marketing tips to try 
\guykawasaki- Residents respond to President Trump's remarks on El Paso shooting 
\guykawasaki- This is what's on the desk of productive people. 
\guykawasaki- SMH. Mike Huckabee: Thoughts And Prayers Are ‘Only Thing’ That Will Stop Mass Shootings 
\guykawasaki- 'It feels like something out of a bad sci-fi movie' 
\guykawasaki- The hardest part of starting your own business is taking the first step. This course for is designed for budding en… 
\guykawasaki- More family time? Rep. Kenny Marchant joins parade of Texas House retirements, opening up competitive Dallas-area s… 
\guykawasaki- What makes a productive desk. 
\guykawasaki- Politicians Keep Blaming Mass Shootings on Mental Health Issues. Doctors Say They’re Wrong 
\guykawasaki- How to create Facebook covers that convert 
\guykawasaki- #MoscowMitch McConnell’s campaign shared a photo of his political opponents’ names on tombstones after the El Paso… 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump Has Run Roughly 2,200 Facebook Ads Using the Word ‘Invasion’ Since May 2018 
\guykawasaki- The Second Amendment has failed America 
\guykawasaki- How to have a productive desk. 
\guykawasaki- Influencer Marketing for SEO: How to work with influencers for better content and higher search rankings… 
\guykawasaki- May you have a peaceful night of rest. @ Moran Lake Park 
\guykawasaki- Trump on mass shootings: ‘Hate has no place in our country’ | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- The gunman said in a hate-filled document posted online shortly before the attack that the shooting was in response… 
\guykawasaki- El Paso and the Death Rattle of White Supremacy 
\guykawasaki- I use it every day. News discovery app SmartNews valued at $1.1B – TechCrunch 
\guykawasaki- What if we all unfollowed Trump on Twitter? 
\guykawasaki- Students cheat for good grades. Why not make the classroom about learning and not testing? 
\guykawasaki- Top House Republican Blames Video Games, Not Guns, For El Paso Shooting 
\guykawasaki- All in a day’s work. 
\guykawasaki- List of mass shooting in the US in 2019 
\guykawasaki- North Korea is a no-show for nuclear talks with the U.S. 
\guykawasaki- Central Coast Spotlight: Santa Cruz Surfing 
\guykawasaki- Is your day moving too fast or getting away from you? Learn to max out your time &gt;&gt; 
\guykawasaki- The five: species affected by plastic pollution 
\guykawasaki- People should ignore Twitter. Then other people won't tweet stupid things. Trump denies making light of burglary at… 
\guykawasaki- Dogs and surfboards, what’s not to like? 
\guykawasaki- Racism has devastating effects on children’s health, pediatricians warn 
\guykawasaki- Top Gun’: Everything You Need to Know About the Iconic Action Film 
\guykawasaki- The impact of the trade war on American farmers. 
\guykawasaki- What the font? Learn to build your brand with the right font combination. 
\guykawasaki- She worked for Cambridge Analytica to get Trump elected. Now she’s seeking redemption. 
\guykawasaki- 5 brutally funny cartoons about MoscowMitch McConnell’s Russia inaction 
\guykawasaki- U.S. warned Sweden of ‘negative consequences’ if ASAP Rocky wasn’t released 
\guykawasaki- Why Trump Supporters Hate Being Called Racists - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- Earmuffs, Alexa! Amazon to let users opt out of human review of voice recordings, amid scrutiny – GeekWire 
\guykawasaki- Americans Trust Scientists, Until Politics Gets in the Way 
\guykawasaki- The solution is simple : ignore Twitter as a source of information. KamalaHarrisDestroyed debate signals how much w… 
\guykawasaki- Lol, Trump prepares a push to woo black voters - POLITICO 
\guykawasaki- This ‘Radically Inclusive’ Church Is Making People Laugh With Its Hilariously Creative Signs 
\guykawasaki- The ultimate guide to Facebook marketing 
\guykawasaki- Plastic bottles sales banned at San Francisco airport 
\guykawasaki- 100 Best Product Innovation Books of All Time - BookAuthority 
\guykawasaki- Make America vet again. Trump Drops Plans to Nominate John Ratcliffe as Director of National Intelligence 
\guykawasaki- The Economist Who Would Fix the American Dream 
\guykawasaki- Family time or river in Egypt? 
\guykawasaki- No bone spurs here. 
\guykawasaki- No bone spurs here. 
\guykawasaki- No bone spurs here. 
\guykawasaki- A Day in the Life of former Engineering Interns 
\guykawasaki- How to make professional connections at a social event 
\guykawasaki- Rules for civil engagement: How to talk with someone unlike yourself 
\guykawasaki- Mitch McConnell addresses ‘Moscow Mitch’ nickname on Senate floor 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump is going to Ohio. Will we get another hate rally? Duh... 
\guykawasaki- The dirty side of renewable energy 
\guykawasaki- Every business is unique, but trust us: there are steadfast principles that position all new business ideas for suc… 
\guykawasaki- Non-Disclosure Agreements: When Does Your Business Need Them? 
\guykawasaki- The Simple, Odious Reason Moscow Mitch Opposes Election Integrity 
\guykawasaki- Says a lot. Daughter of Segregationist George Wallace Says Trump Worse Than Her Father 
\guykawasaki- The Top 5 Social Media Integration Mistakes on Websites (with examples) 
\guykawasaki- America’s first fast and affordable 45 mph electric moped is finally here 
\guykawasaki- Do you want to change the world like Apple? This course will explain how to use a technique called evangelism to ch… 
\guykawasaki- #MoscowMitch Tag Enrages McConnell and Squeezes G.O.P. on Election Security 
\guykawasaki- “...happy as hell.” Fact check: No, African Americans are not happy with Trump 
\guykawasaki- My Essential Guide to Entrepreneurship Course SIGN UP HERE #onlinecourse #entrepreneurs… 
\guykawasaki- Have We No Decency? A Response to President Trump - Washington National Cathedral 
\guykawasaki- Good news for Safari users on iOS. 
\guykawasaki- Heinous. ACLU: U.S. has taken nearly 1,000 child migrants from their parents since judge ordered stop to border sep… 
\guykawasaki- Art of the Start: Turning Ideas into High-Growth Businesses COURSE: 
\guykawasaki- Let This Mathematician Blow Your Mind As She Explains The Different Sizes Of Infinite - Digg 
\guykawasaki- #UnfollowTrump: why we should stop engaging with the US president on Twitter 
\guykawasaki- A ray of light. US border wall see-saws allow children on each side to play together 
\guykawasaki- "...a major new study led by Yale researchers finds that just discussing the issue with friends and family leads th… 
\guykawasaki- LEARN How to Promote Your Product, Service, Company, or Idea Course info here: 
\guykawasaki- "Complain often enough and complaining can become a default behavior." 
\guykawasaki- Inescapable conclusion. 
\guykawasaki- The White House Blocked My Report on Climate Change and National Security 
\guykawasaki- Such an honor to be interviewed for 'On Leadership' @franklincovey's show hosted by @ScottMillerFC WATCH HERE:… 
\guykawasaki- Learn the key universal concepts that lead all great businesses to success. TAKE COURSE HERE:… 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s Support Collapses As White Blue Collar Women Flee Trump 
\guykawasaki- As Deficit Explodes, GOP Demands Emergency Tax Cut for the Rich 
\guykawasaki- Passengers often bring aboard flights animals that should not be on an airplane. What do you think about this?… 
\guykawasaki- Why the Trump tax cuts could turn into a problem for the Republicans | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- This Instagram Account Full Of Kids' Homesick Letters From Camp Is Hilariously Real 
\guykawasaki- Warren, Harris lead 2020 Democrats in likability in new poll 
\guykawasaki- Heatwave life hack: how to clear your car of hot air 
\guykawasaki- IMHO, the biggest problem is the lack of enforcement of the terms of service when violated by leaders will millions… 
\guykawasaki- Trump Lashes Out at Al Sharpton, Saying He ‘Hates Whites’ 
\guykawasaki- ‘Thoughts and Prayers’ Aren’t Enough, America’s First Gun Violence Minister Says. 
\guykawasaki- Conservatives Pretend Big Tech Is Biased Against Them - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- Democrats’ Trump-era quandary is familiar: Play offense or defense? It ought to be obvious by now 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump’s most catastrophic decision 
\guykawasaki- The Weird Ways That Staring at a Phone Affects Your Body—and What to Do About It 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren’s radical plan to beat Trump at his own game - Bloomberg Businessweek 
\guykawasaki- "In other words, they love the idea of free markets and competition unless it means giving up their own monopoly on… 
\guykawasaki- The secret to creating a thriving workplace and collaborative team? Fostering psychological safety.… 
\guykawasaki- How Weight Training Changes the Brain 
\guykawasaki- This AI-powered autocompletion software is Gmail’s Smart Compose for coders 
\guykawasaki- Make America Inhumane Again. 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump and the G.O.P. Confirm Their Fiscal Conservatism Was a Sham 
\guykawasaki- Make the brains drain from America again. 
\guykawasaki- 20 Most Dangerous Places For Women Travelers 
\guykawasaki- The New Conservative Pyrite 
\guykawasaki- Make America Great Again. 
\guykawasaki- Juul Targeted Children at Schools and Online, U.S. House Panel Says - Bloomberg 
\guykawasaki- ESPN Backs Itself Into a Corner 
\guykawasaki- Discover how adopting Chorei—an all-hands morning stand-up popular in Japan—can motivate your team to be more produ… 
\guykawasaki- Poll: Two in Five Americans Still Believe God Created Humans 10,000 Years Ago 
\guykawasaki- New research uncovers biggest differentiator of effective marketing: Bravery 
\guykawasaki- Starting with Launching and Pitching, moving on to Fundraising and Team Building, and concluding with Marketing and… 
\guykawasaki- 2019 iPhone Photography Awards winners are ‘off-the-charts great’ 
\guykawasaki- Why America’s 1st Olympic Surf Team Is Training in the Desert 
\guykawasaki- The Russians must be rolling on the floor and laughing their asses off. 
\guykawasaki- Helluva pivot: Google+ to Google Photos. 
\guykawasaki- Mike Pence Fails to Pay $24K Tab 
\guykawasaki- Better than the Fail Whale. Fake presidential seal: This is the Republican who created the seal Trump stood in fron… 
\guykawasaki- Let’s tax French fries in retaliation. Trump vows ‘substantial reciprocal action’ against France over tax targeting… 
\guykawasaki- Rubio shares doctored video of Ilhan Omar 
\guykawasaki- If you have an idea for a business that you think will make the world a better place, this class will help you orga… 
\guykawasaki- Will Trump’s Racist Attacks Help Him? Ask Blue-Collar White Women. 
\guykawasaki- Wrap your minds around this. Automakers rebuff EPA mpg rollbacks, cut side deal with California 
\guykawasaki- Learn the main concepts of evangelism and how to apply it to your business. JOIN the course here:… 
\guykawasaki- GOP senators block election security legislation hours after Mueller warns of Russian interference 
\guykawasaki- Listen in as we discuss how the people who are the hardest on you will teach you the most in life. And much more. W… 
\guykawasaki- And some of the American Dream died with him. 
\guykawasaki- Being known as someone with a potty mouth can cause people to avoid you or feel uncomfortable around you. 
\guykawasaki- I thought the purpose of a monopoly is to jack up prices...Amazon is consistently the cheapest place to get what I… 
\guykawasaki- Fake seal! Make America proof graphics again. 
\guykawasaki- What good is a job if you're dead? 
\guykawasaki- How to Setup Your Canva Account like a Pro via @ThinkCreativeKC 
\guykawasaki- Whether you’ve started a company, work for a startup, or consider yourself an aspiring entrepreneur, learn the key… 
\guykawasaki- Science is so overrated. ‘No doubt left’ about scientific consensus on global warming, say experts 
\guykawasaki- Why the Little Ice Age Doesn’t Matter - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- Why more than 4,000 migrant children could be detained until they’re 18 - CBS News 
\guykawasaki- “Not on our side side of the border” plan. Photo Of Mother Pleading With Mexican Soldier Draws Attention To Migrant… 
\guykawasaki- Of course. Bernie Madoff asks Trump to reduce prison sentence for Ponzi scheme 
\guykawasaki- 7 Things You Think Are Recyclable But Aren't - @Sierra_Magazine 
\guykawasaki- NAACP calls for Trump impeachment | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- When do you know when you have a winning idea? Stuck on where to go? Try my course The Essential Guide to Entrepren… 
\guykawasaki- The cameras that took the iconic photos. 
\guykawasaki- Heart breaker. 
\guykawasaki- What It Means to Be a Bad Mom 
\guykawasaki- Access to the most powerful principles we’ve learned to help you bring your concept to the next level and garner in… 
\guykawasaki- My tips and tricks for bringing your own cause, product, or service from idea to reality using evangelism. JOIN the… 
\guykawasaki- Photos even Steve Jobs would like: 
\guykawasaki- This is the wrong side of history to be on. 
\guykawasaki- Loved this interview with @ScottMillerFC of @FranklinCovey! WATCH HERE: Listen in as we dis… 
\guykawasaki- Noble of him. 
\guykawasaki- People resisting in Nashville. 
\guykawasaki- Three weeks? How does this happen in America? 
\guykawasaki- Content is king/queen. 
\guykawasaki- Pick a side... 
\guykawasaki- I only believe these lists when I'm in them. :-) 
\guykawasaki- Learn how to grow your business from a humble beginning to an influential industry changer. Join entrepreneurial po… 
\guykawasaki- Best thing you could read today. 
\guykawasaki- Brands are seeking risk-free space to spend their ad budgets turn to traditional media such as cinema, billboards a… 
\guykawasaki- New book from my friend Mark Silber, Create: Tools from Seriously Talented People to Unleash Your Creative Life Per… 
\guykawasaki- Inland California cities: younger and hipper. 
\guykawasaki- Soaring rents are “squeezing retailers” and contributing almost as much to the U.S. vacant storefront crisis as the… 
\guykawasaki- The hardest part of starting your own business is taking the first step. This course for is designed for budding en… 
\guykawasaki- How America Got to ‘Zero Tolerance’ on Immigration: The Inside Story 
\guykawasaki- EPA Rejects Ban On Common Pesticide Linked to Brain Damage in Children 
\guykawasaki- The numbers are in: Trump’s tax cuts were a dud 
\guykawasaki- It’s not vaccines. Study Of Two Million Children Finds What Really Causes Autism | IFLScience 
\guykawasaki- It's never too late to reinvent yourself. Take it from Paul Tasner -- after working continuously for other people f… 
\guykawasaki- The importance of education for our troops. 
\guykawasaki- Kamala Harris Is Now the Candidate to Beat - The Wall Street Journal 
\guykawasaki- How to stay cool in the extreme heat 🌞 🌞 
\guykawasaki- “Almost”? By Republican Standards, Almost Nothing Is Racist 
\guykawasaki- Rabbi in Congresswoman Ilhan Omar’s district compares Trump rally to ‘Nazi Germany’ 
\guykawasaki- CNN didn’t tell us its supposed panel of “Republican women” were, literally, the “Trumpettes” 
\guykawasaki- Trump Needs More Than His Base to Win in 2020 - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- My logic is that it's so hard to manage one's relationships, who has the time to control how other people live? 
\guykawasaki- As The US Debates “Concentration Camps,” These Jews Are Trying To Actually Shut Them Down - BuzzFeed News 
\guykawasaki- Mitch McConnell Is The Only Senator More Unpopular Than Susan Collins 
\guykawasaki- For the first time ever, we have five generations in the workplace at the same time, says entrepreneur Chip Conley.… 
\guykawasaki- This is the most important thing you can read today. 
\guykawasaki- Too many dentists? 
\guykawasaki- Mitch McConnell Reacts to Trump’s Widely Condemned Rally: ‘The President’s Onto Something’ 
\guykawasaki- Every business is unique, but trust us: there are steadfast principles that position all new business ideas for suc… 
\guykawasaki- For one thing, Republicans don’t deny that the moon exists. We Went to the Moon. Why Can’t We Solve Climate Change? 
\guykawasaki- The plight of teachers. 
\guykawasaki- Trump rally crowd chants ‘send her back’ about Ilhan Omar | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- How creators became influencers &gt;&gt; 
\guykawasaki- Pence aide makes the mind-boggling argument that Elaine Chao is a better immigrant than Ilhan Omar 
\guykawasaki- Do you want to change the world like Apple? This course will explain how to use a technique called evangelism to ch… 
\guykawasaki- Republicans Want a White Republic. They’ll Destroy America to Get It 
\guykawasaki- Great interview with @ScottMillerFC of @FranklinCovey CLICK HERE to WATCH: We chatted about… 
\guykawasaki- Here’s the real reason Trump is attacking ‘the squad’: he’s scared | Joshua Leifer | Opinion | The Guardian 
\guykawasaki- Mind boggling. Lindsey Graham claims ‘send her back’ chant isn’t racist because Ilhan Omar is a Trump critic 
\guykawasaki- When asked what they wanted to be when they grew up, about 3 in 10 American and British children said they aspired… 
\guykawasaki- What #AOC Can Teach Us About Small Business Branding 
\guykawasaki- Iran and North Korea aren’t our military’s biggest concerns. 
\guykawasaki- Read this andvweep. A shelter, a picket sign, a holocaust survivor. Shit gets real at the Tijuana border. 
\guykawasaki- Toilet paper startups like No. 2 and Who Gives a Crap? are changing TP 
\guykawasaki- Secrets on how to keep your home toxin-free from an expert 
\guykawasaki- Liz Cheney goes all-in on Trump’s racism: Meet the future of the Republican Party 
\guykawasaki- Average wage earners cannot afford median-priced homes in 74 percent of the country, according to a recent report b… 
\guykawasaki- Can it get lower? “Send her back!” Trump’s attacks on Ilhan Omar in North Carolina are a new low 
\guykawasaki- “... turns on his mind before saying something.” In his grandfather’s German hometown of Kallstadt, residents point… 
\guykawasaki- Art of Growth: Sustainably Scale Your Business ONLINE COURSE: 
\guykawasaki- Counteracting the Sea of Sameness in Marketing 
\guykawasaki- My Essential Guide to Entrepreneurship Course SIGN UP HERE #onlinecourse #entrepreneurs… 
\guykawasaki- Accessory brings MagSafe-style connectors back to anything with USB-C 
\guykawasaki- DoNotPay’s New Service Automatically Cancels Your Free Trials | WIRED 
\guykawasaki- Trump has made it clear: the only ‘real Americans’ are white and Christian | Theodore R Johnson - the guardian 
\guykawasaki- How to clean your laptop and keep them germ-free. 
\guykawasaki- Time for politicians to pick which side of history they want to be on. Trump Rallies G.O.P. to Oppose Resolution Ag… 
\guykawasaki- Art of the Start: Turning Ideas into High-Growth Businesses COURSE: 
\guykawasaki- Watch Dutch ‘Magnet Fishermen’ Catch a WWII Assault Rifle 
\guykawasaki- These GOP women see nothing wrong with Trump’s comments 
\guykawasaki- How the Republicans voted. See who values re-election over doing what’s right. 
\guykawasaki- George Will’s startling assessment of Donald Trump - CNNPolitics 
\guykawasaki- Your coworkers aren't enjoying your vacation time. 🌴🌞 
\guykawasaki- For Bethany Hamilton, Surfing Is ‘An Escape From All The Chaos On Land’ 
\guykawasaki- eqlShare Surf Spot for Cowells Overview 
\guykawasaki- “The rise of the rest” may soon become a reality as once-lagging cities see growth of creative class employment. 
\guykawasaki- I am 15. I’m Blocking Your Commute So My Generation Has Jobs To Go To, and a Planet to Live On | Opinion 
\guykawasaki- Don’t Scoff at Influencers. They’re Taking Over the World. 
\guykawasaki- WhichbAmerica do you come from? There’s a sobering truth to Trump’s racist tweets that we don’t like to admit 
\guykawasaki- LEARN How to Promote Your Product, Service, Company, or Idea Course info here: 
\guykawasaki- Pelosi is forcing House Republicans to go on the record on Trump’s ‘go back’ tweets - The Washington Post 
\guykawasaki- Pelosi is forcing House Republicans to go on the record on Trump’s ‘go back’ tweets - The Washington Post 
\guykawasaki- Such an honor to be interviewed for 'On Leadership' @franklincovey's show hosted by @ScottMillerFC WATCH HERE:… 
\guykawasaki- Trump to end asylum protections for most Central American migrants at US-Mexico border 
\guykawasaki- Working with just a bit of noise in the background – whether it’s the hum of an air conditioner or music pumping th… 
\guykawasaki- Details. Republicans make U-turn on health care | TheHill. 
\guykawasaki- How to Find Key Influencers in Your Niche Using Social Media 
\guykawasaki- McKinsey explains the future of work. 
\guykawasaki- Pitiful. 
\guykawasaki- Why Don’t Police Catch Serial Rapists? - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- 'Never again means close the camps': Jews protest ICE across the country 
\guykawasaki- Heaven for s local boy: Spam, Portuguese sausage, and Spam/bacon musubis from takahashi_market in San Mateo. 
\guykawasaki- How Amazon Prime Day uses your psychology to get you to buy -The power of scarcity, exclusivity, and opportunity co… 
\guykawasaki- This is a deplorable disgrace that is a stain on the soul of America. 
\guykawasaki- Reclaim your life from the jaws of Donald Trump 
\guykawasaki- The Foie Gras’ing Of Startups: Does Raising More VC Lead To Bigger Outcomes? - CB Insights Research 
\guykawasaki- Learn the key universal concepts that lead all great businesses to success. TAKE COURSE HERE:… 
\guykawasaki- OK, No Burgers—But What Should You Grill? 
\guykawasaki- These young scientists will shape the next 50 years of Moon research 
\guykawasaki- Lol. New White House Press Secretary ‘Likes A Challenge’ 
\guykawasaki- Starting with Launching and Pitching, moving on to Fundraising and Team Building, and concluding with Marketing and… 
\guykawasaki- Trump Says Only Trump Supporters Deserve Free Speech 
\guykawasaki- Some of America's most iconic brands are losing their luster 
\guykawasaki- That's his big issue? Pence: Outrage to call detention centers 'concentration camps' 
\guykawasaki- The riptide of American militarism. 
\guykawasaki- takahashi_market, where have to been all my life? @ Takahashi Market 
\guykawasaki- Why Do Migrants Keep Coming To The U.S. Border, Despite Donald Trump’s Hardline Policies? 
\guykawasaki- A woman ordered a ‘Moana’ cake for her daughter -- but the baker heard ‘marijuana’ 
\guykawasaki- Huh? Arizona GOP governor reverses course after Betsy Ross flag controversy, now ‘welcomes’ Nike facility | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- If you have an idea for a business that you think will make the world a better place, this class will help you orga… 
\guykawasaki- Sony’s new USB-C hub promises the fastest data transfer and charging yet 
\guykawasaki- Which airlines permit them? Move Over Therapy Dogs. Hello, Therapy Cows. 
\guykawasaki- Brazil president Jair Bolsonaro to appoint son as ambassador to US | World news | The Guardian 
\guykawasaki- The end of your career brings new questions including where to spend your days now that you no longer punch the clo… 
\guykawasaki- Trump slams Paul Ryan for ‘atrocious’ record: ‘Couldn’t get him out of Congress fast enough!’ | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Out government is like a song by Queen. 
\guykawasaki- How Learning To Surf Taught Me to Love Myself 
\guykawasaki- Learn the main concepts of evangelism and how to apply it to your business. JOIN the course here:… 
\guykawasaki- Warren responds to Trump retreat on census citizenship question: ‘Wow, he’s going to follow the law?’ 
\guykawasaki- I was there! Final look at historic venue where first Macintosh and Apple Watch were unveiled before demolition 
\guykawasaki- Make Kentucky Great Again. Kentucky and America deserve better than Mitch McConnell. In 2020, Democrats get their c… 
\guykawasaki- Listen in as we discuss how the people who are the hardest on you will teach you the most in life. And much more. W… 
\guykawasaki- The Hard-Luck Texas Town That Bet on Bitcoin—and Lost 
\guykawasaki- Japan Just Landed a Spacecraft on an Asteroid, And The Photos Are Nuts 
\guykawasaki- LOL. Paul Ryan Says Donald Trump is Worse Now Because There Aren’t People Like Him to Stop ‘Knee-Jerk Reactions’ 
\guykawasaki- Read the Full Transcript of Migrant Mom Yazmin Juarez’s Statement to Congress | Time 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s morning tweets on July 11 were totally off the rails - Vox 
\guykawasaki- U.S. allies hold breakfast for departing British ambassador Kim Darroch - The Washington Post 
\guykawasaki- Are you looking to become an influencer with a supportive community of followers and sought after brand partnership… 
\guykawasaki- This is simply wrong. Why don't we subsidize teachers instead of oil companies? 
\guykawasaki- How to donate to the Amy McGrath campaign. Make Kentucky Great Again. Make the Senate Functional Again. @amymcgrath 
\guykawasaki- Here's where to donate to the Amy McGrath campaign. 
\guykawasaki- Instagram bio ideas and tips for maximizing your account 
\guykawasaki- Had a ridiculously hard day at work? Check out this guide for some simple ways to relax your mind after a crazy, ha… 
\guykawasaki- How to use Instagram Stories for your brand 
\guykawasaki- How Trump's labor secretary is integral to understanding the Jeffrey Epstein sex abuse scandal 
\guykawasaki- 10 calendar hacks to help you stay productive 
\guykawasaki- Yuge! Women’s World Cup Team on Victory Parade://cdn.flipboard.com/content/thephotodesk/thephotodeskgalleries/items/1562778420000.html 
\guykawasaki- ‘It Can’t Be Worse’: How Republican Women Are Trying to Rebuild 
\guykawasaki- FedEx can now renew your passport in just 24 hours - The Washington Post 
\guykawasaki- GOP lies and bad faith are set to unleash an epic health-care disaster 
\guykawasaki- Social media marketing on mobile: Grow your business with these 7 mobile content strategies 
\guykawasaki- Trump’s July Fourth event and weekend protests bankrupted D.C. security fund, mayor says 
\guykawasaki- I feel better already. Republicans form conservation caucus to take on environment, climate change 
\guykawasaki- I'm still relevant! The 10-20-30 Rule of Presentation Twelve Years Later 
\guykawasaki- What is the golden ratio? What you need to know and how to use it 
\guykawasaki- Research: Women Score Higher Than Men in Most Leadership Skills via @Tiffani_Bova 
\guykawasaki- It’s a grouper eats shark world. Watch Shark Get Eaten Whole During Feeding Frenzy at Bottom of Ocean 
\guykawasaki- Twitter Needs a Pause Button 
\guykawasaki- Pinterest marketing is one of the most effective strategies for driving sales, connecting with your audience, and t… 
\guykawasaki- Why angel investing is a bad idea | Sifted 
\guykawasaki- Could email marketing be the key to the next level for your business? 
\guykawasaki- The first rule of Republicans attacking the Mueller report is: never, ever read the Mueller report 
\guykawasaki- Megan Rapinoe’s World Cup Feud With Donald Trump Is a Model for Popular Resistance #rapinoe2020 
\guykawasaki- Say what? McConnell likens himself to Obama: 'We both are the descendants of slave owners'. 
\guykawasaki- Whether you’ve started a company, work for a startup, or consider yourself an aspiring entrepreneur, learn the key… 
\guykawasaki- Reminiscing about a great time in Bucharest for Brand Minds. 
\guykawasaki- First, they lost their children. Then the conspiracy theories started. Now, the parents of Newtown are fighting bac… 
\guykawasaki- Peanut butter toast at captainstoker @ Captain + Stoker Coffee 
\guykawasaki- Fabian interviewed me about lessons from my life for the next generation of Digital Leaders. You can listen to the… 
\guykawasaki- When do you know when you have a winning idea? Stuck on where to go? Try my course The Essential Guide to Entrepren… 
\guykawasaki- Good morning world, from Santa Cruz. 
\guykawasaki- Access to the most powerful principles we’ve learned to help you bring your concept to the next level and garner in… 
\guykawasaki- Did you ever think the US would be accused of human-rights violations in our own country? U.N. Rights Chief 'Appall… 
\guykawasaki- LOL. Facebook and Twitter have not been invited to White House social media summit, sources say 
\guykawasaki- My tips and tricks for bringing your own cause, product, or service from idea to reality using evangelism. JOIN the… 
\guykawasaki- How A Grocery Store's Plan To Shame Customers Into Using Reusable Bags Backfired. 
\guykawasaki- The inside story of hysterical strength. 
\guykawasaki- Loved this interview with @ScottMillerFC of @FranklinCovey! WATCH HERE: Listen in as we dis… 
\guykawasaki- Next gen! @ Apple Del Monte 
\guykawasaki- Scary stuff. 
\guykawasaki- Trial runs for fascism are in full flow 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- 
\guykawasaki- Think again about what the right college is. 
\guykawasaki- Why Is Measles Back? - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- Leadership is an inside job. Do you love working remote? Don’t kid yourself. It can be a career killer.… 
\guykawasaki- The complicated story of Ilhan Omar. 
\guykawasaki- Faith and freedoms: why evangelicals profess unwavering love for Trump 
\guykawasaki- How did table salt lead to millions of dollars? Read on &gt;&gt; 
\guykawasaki- Best Nike ad ever too! 
\guykawasaki- Next stop Congress! 
\guykawasaki- USA! 
\guykawasaki- Toxic processionary caterpillar plague spreads across Europe. This is not about the Cat and Cloud lawsuit. 
\guykawasaki- The Nation’s Largest Commercial Insurance Company Has Ditched Covering Coal. That’s a Big Deal. 
\guykawasaki- 'I just hope they can have a normal life in America': 2 boys from Kansas sell lemonade to raise money for migrant c… 
\guykawasaki- Make America Deplorable Again. An Oregon Law Professor Visited Children at the Border and Told the World of the Hor… 
\guykawasaki- We can experience “meta-stress,” where we get overwhelmed by the idea of potential oncoming stressors. This is how… 
\guykawasaki- Trump opened up the Overton window for everyone. Trump's Favorite Polling Company Finds Biden Comfortably Ahead in… 
\guykawasaki- Recording of Frida Kahlo’s voice found -- only one known to exist | CNN Travel 
\guykawasaki- Avoid playgrounds and eat the last biscuit: how to keep your sense of self as a parent | Life and style | The Guard… 
\guykawasaki- Friends share waves. #surfing 
\guykawasaki- Fun Friday in Santa Cruz. 
\guykawasaki- Are my shoes dirty? Studies suggest they’re covered in fecal bacteria 
\guykawasaki- Women entrepreneurs on managing impostor syndrome 
\guykawasaki- Say no to defaults. A clickable guide to fixing the complicated privacy settings from Facebook, Google, Amazon, Mic… 
\guykawasaki- Donald Trump wants to be a dictator. It’s not enough just to laugh at him 
\guykawasaki- No wonder we won. Trump Says Revolutionary War Troops 'Took Over the Airports' | Time 
\guykawasaki- As global weather becomes more extreme, the threat that climate change poses for companies is no longer theoretical… 
\guykawasaki- Bad weather is bad for business 
\guykawasaki- Perfectionism is on the rise – and we're all paying the cost 
\guykawasaki- There's a crisis in the workplace. According to a 2016 Gallup Poll, 70% of people are disengaged at work. And a who… 
\guykawasaki- I got tanks for the 4th of July. 
\guykawasaki- Grotesque. 
\guykawasaki- The symptoms of broken communication 
\guykawasaki- This AI shows what climate change could do to your house by 2050 
\guykawasaki- Wishing for a Tank-Free Fourth 
\guykawasaki- These are the dangers of using humor in the workplace. 
\guykawasaki- In case evangelism doesn't work out. Jumping in with Jake Nielsen's Triple Threat. @ KSCO 
\guykawasaki- Rising urban housing costs have sped an exodus of residents, causing strains in ‘Millennial Mayberry’… 
\guykawasaki- There are many ways to get the most out of your email signature, this article shares ten easy tips and look at some… 
\guykawasaki- Nike shoes aren't the most pressing issue in Texas. What a Pediatrician Saw Inside a Border Patrol Warehouse. 
\guykawasaki- What a choice of words. Meghan McCain, Feeling Like an 'Exhausted, Defeated... Caged Animal,' May Exit 'The View'. 
\guykawasaki- Happy 4th. Drawings by migrant children in detention show them in cages 
\guykawasaki- Color makes a design come alive. It can attract attention, set a mood, and even influence our emotions and percepti… 
\guykawasaki- Make America Adult Again. The Biggest Threat to America Is Us The New York Times: The Biggest Threat to America Is… 
\guykawasaki- NRA meltdown has Trump campaign sweating. 
\guykawasaki- Embrace the Power of the Pause 
\guykawasaki- Hanging with Neil Pearlberg at KSCO. 
\guykawasaki- Read this. So great So the President F*cking Hates My Girlfriend | By Sue Bird 
\guykawasaki- A new initiative to fight hate speech will put new pressure on Facebook’s fragile moderators.… 
\guykawasaki- Nixon, Trump... What could go wrong for Trump on the Fourth of July? 
\guykawasaki- Must read! This is just awesome. So the President F*cking Hates My Girlfriend | By Sue Bird 
\guykawasaki- Truer words...The bigger they are, the harder they fall — WeWork and Uber’s fight against reality 
\guykawasaki- I am excited to announce I'll be a Keynote Speakers at NEST Flight 2019. The event takes place on Saturday, October… 
\guykawasaki- 'Salute to America': Trump 'demands US military chiefs stand next to him' at 4th of July parade 
\guykawasaki- More Than 140 Holocaust, Genocide Experts Think Ocasio-Cortez Should Be Allowed to Call Migrant Detention Centers '… 
\guykawasaki- How to Convince Your Boss to Let You Work Remotely 
\guykawasaki- 'Irresponsible': Cost of Donald Trump's July 4 Military Parade Blasted by National Park Advocacy Group 
\guykawasaki- I just don't understand how my family can have so many mis-matched @Merge4_ 
\guykawasaki- Jonathan Ive, Steve Jobs lesson: Don’t listen to your customers. 
\guykawasaki- Please Stop Telling Me America is Great. 
\guykawasaki- Trump pushes for military tanks as part of grandiose July Fourth event. Lots of tooth brushes and soap. 
\guykawasaki- 10 Things to Do If You’re Feeling Hopeless About Your Future 
\guykawasaki- Being Hungry In America Is Hard Work. Food Banks Need Your Help. 
\guykawasaki- Bird spotted feeding chick cigarette butt in ‘devastating’ picture | The Independent 
\guykawasaki- The science of influencing people: six ways to win an argument 
\guykawasaki- Works for me. 
\guykawasaki- ‘We want more Chinese students’: Donald Trump says 
\guykawasaki- I swear that this setup is 90% of the functionality I need from a laptop. Love the anker_official keyboard. It’s on… 
\guykawasaki- Trump dismisses need for climate change action: ‘We have the cleanest water we’ve ever had, we have the cleanest ai… 
\guykawasaki- Don't lose sight of the fact Pete Buttigieg just made history 
\guykawasaki- LOL. Ajit Pai's Silence on Phone Tracking Abuse Is Further Eroding Faith in His Competence. 
\guykawasaki- Best Books for Entrepreneurs And Business Owners. 
\guykawasaki- Using the term "dubious" loosely. The Democratic debates helped demonstrate the dubiousness of online polls. 
\guykawasaki- Choice Matters: Equity and Literacy Achievement 
\guykawasaki- Oh that pesky judiciary. Judge blocks Trump from using billions in military funds for border wall | TheHill. 
\guykawasaki- Donuts at dawn! @ Dunlaps Donuts 
\guykawasaki- Want to Be Less Racist? Move to Hawaii. "The mental rigidity required to harbor racist ideas ends up bleeding over… 
\guykawasaki- Five 2020 candidates tried to tour the Florida prison camp for migrant kids. They were all blocked 
\guykawasaki- Ken Cuccinelli blames drowned man in border photograph for own, daughter's deaths 
\guykawasaki- Tom Cotton gets pounded for attempting to pin slavery on Kamala Harris 
\guykawasaki- 6 phrases that will help you sell your ideas 
\guykawasaki- Riz Ahmed's Star Wars Celebration Chicago Appearance Was Canceled Because Homeland Security Wouldn't Let Him Board… 
\guykawasaki- Disclosure: a long time ago, the founder gave me stock options. Regardless, Evernote is an essential part of my exi… 
\guykawasaki- Brandi Chastain, Michelle Akers to participate in CTE study 
\guykawasaki- Logs in eyes. 
\guykawasaki- How the novelty pool float conquered Instagram. 
\guykawasaki- How does income affect childhood brain development? 
\guykawasaki- How generational stereotypes hold us back at work 
\guykawasaki- How to speak Silicon Valley: 53 essential tech-bro terms explained. 
\guykawasaki- Why have lifetime appointments if you can’t handle the tough issues? How Badly Did the Supreme Court Damage Democra… 
\guykawasaki- Stanford Alumni Association has a few suggestions for summer reading | The Dish 
\guykawasaki- Stanford Alumni Association has a few suggestions for summer reading | The Dish 
\guykawasaki- Insight on living an empowered and more meaningful life. My interview on the 'Your Working Life' podcast. Listen HE… 
\guykawasaki- "For anyone who wants an off-ramp to the moral demands made by this image, this could be the universal caption: 'Th… 
\guykawasaki- If not SCOTUS, then who? 
\guykawasaki- When it's time, I don't want to know. 
\guykawasaki- Trump Wants To Withdraw Deportation Protections For Spouses Of Active Troops : NPR 
\guykawasaki- Somehow this is Obama's fault. Supreme Court rules against Trump over census citizenship question 
\guykawasaki- Helping others makes us happier -- but it matters how we do it 
\guykawasaki- Sleep is your superpower 
\guykawasaki- The future is looking bright for these future film makers at the @chapmanu Summer Film Academy. Thank you christian… 
\guykawasaki- Can LinkedIn handle all the edits? Clean Air Chief Bill Wehrum Resigns Amid Ethics Violations Concerns. 
\guykawasaki- Not on my side of the border wall. 
\guykawasaki- U.S. Soccer Star Shreds Trump 
\guykawasaki- Check out my recent interview on the 'In the Know podcast' with Amol Sarva of @Knotel Listen here:… 
\guykawasaki- It's going to be an interesting day. 
\guykawasaki- Utterly reprehensible. 
\guykawasaki- Could a tattoo help you stay healthy? 
\guykawasaki- How to create more white space in your designs 
\guykawasaki- Scientists Just Discovered That Drinking Coffee Does Something Absolutely Amazing to Your Body. 
\guykawasaki- Head shot by Gary Leonard at #livetalksla @ Santa Monica, California 
\guykawasaki- I get pitched everywhere. :-) 
\guykawasaki- Father-daughter border drowning highlights migrants’ perils 
\guykawasaki- San Francisco passes ban on e-cigarette sales, a US first 
\guykawasaki- Photos of the Most Egregious ‘Anti-Homeless’ Architecture 
\guykawasaki- Morning fun. Photo credit: mstzeedirt. 
\guykawasaki- Agriculture secretary on climate change: 'I think it's weather patterns' | TheHill. 
\guykawasaki- How to build a storyboard 
\guykawasaki- Elizabeth Warren jumps out to a big lead in MoveOn poll NBC News: Elizabeth Warren jumps out to a big lead in MoveO… 
\guykawasaki- Why every design needs three levels of typographic hierarchy 
\guykawasaki- The goal of automation has always been efficiency. What if artificial intelligence sees humanity itself as the thin… 
\guykawasaki- GOP congressman voted for tax cuts, now says America is too indebted to pay for appropriations bill. Probably soap… 
\guykawasaki- Make America reprehensible again. Almost 300 migrant children removed from Texas facility described as 'appalling' 
\guykawasaki- Love this 
\guykawasaki- Top mistakes of most entrepreneurs and other nuggets of wisdom in my recent interview with Bryan Elliott on 'Behind… 
\guykawasaki- Should I be flattered to be included? Public Speaking Secrets From The World Of Stand Up Comedy 
\guykawasaki- How to fight bullshit. 
\guykawasaki- How to detect bullshit--besides seeing if the lips are moving. Tools 
\guykawasaki- Sickening. Mike Pence Snickers As Jake Tapper Asks Why They Won't Give Kids Soap and Toothpaste 
\guykawasaki- Shame on US Doctor compares conditions at immigrant holding centers to 'torture facilities' - ABC News 
\guykawasaki- Woman who turned over husband's guns to police after saying she feared for her life gets arrested 
\guykawasaki- Ahead of ICE raids, Illinois governor bans private immigrant detention centers from state. 
\guykawasaki- Forget China – it's America's own economic system that's broken. 
\guykawasaki- I can relate to this because I'm deaf in my right ear 
\guykawasaki- Why Sarah Fabian Argued Against Giving Kids Toothbrushes 
\guykawasaki- Branding. 
\guykawasaki- What If Colleges Used Only Test Scores to Fill Campuses? - WSJ 
\guykawasaki- Big wave Nate. @ Santa Cruz, California 
\guykawasaki- Excited to announce the launch of my friend @ScottMillerFC’s new book -- Management Mess to Leadership Success: 30… 
\guykawasaki- Work Is Like Water. 
\guykawasaki- What's behind Elizabeth Warren's rise? This wall of letters at her campaign HQ offers some clues. 
\guykawasaki- Shoe shopping with Dad. 
\guykawasaki- Timing is everything. 
\guykawasaki- An Alabama megachurch will form its own police force after passage of controversial law 
\guykawasaki- Air Canada Passenger Left Alone On Cold Dark Plane 
\guykawasaki- Can you tell the difference between a cat and caterpillar? You don't learn the difference in law school. 
\guykawasaki- The ultimate guide to creating a checklist 
\guykawasaki- Survey finds 97% of enterprise Mac users feel more productive after switching from Windows. 
\guykawasaki- Trump canceled Iran attack Thursday after US drone attack 
\guykawasaki- How to make a photo collage 
\guykawasaki- Stephen Colbert Exposes Ridiculous Trump Lie About Crowd Size at Re-Election Kick-Off 
\guykawasaki- George Takei: "I know what concentration camps are. I was inside two of them, in America.". 
\guykawasaki- 9 Social Media Templates to Save You Hours of Work 
\guykawasaki- Researchers Dropped 17,000 Wallets To Test Honesty In Countries Around The World. 
\guykawasaki- The complete guide to Instagram listening 
\guykawasaki- How to master social listening for sales 
\guykawasaki- How to create a fantastic Linkedin Page. 
\guykawasaki- Trump Deals Final Death Blow to the Planet | Vanity Fair 
\guykawasaki- Iran tensions: House votes to repeal 9/11-era law used to authorize perpetual war - Vox 
\guykawasaki- Your late nights and early mornings have way more consequences for your health and memory than you think. Watch Ma… 
\guykawasaki- Flextime stigma and “lack of face time” bias applies to workers of all levels, genders, and backgrounds, but resear… 
\guykawasaki- Guy Kawasaki, Silicon Valley Marketing Guru and Venture Capitalist, Says These 4 Books Will Change Your Life. 
\guykawasaki- Two companies that petitioned for Trump's solar tariffs are out of business — Quartz 
\guykawasaki- Could you delete all the apps from your phone? Here's what happened when this writer did: 
\guykawasaki- Trump Says He Won't Apologize to Exonerated Central Park 5 
\guykawasaki- How the U.S. Border Camps Fit into the History of Concentration Camps | GQ 
\guykawasaki- Columnists bid a brutal farewell to ‘sneering’ Sarah Sanders: Her ‘awfulness was a thing to behold’ – Raw Story 
\guykawasaki- Need wall in Philly. Massive haul of cocaine worth $1 billion seized at Philadelphia port - BNO News 
\guykawasaki- Louise Linton, aka Mrs. Steven Mnuchin, Is Sorry 
\guykawasaki- A solid plan to retire with $1,000,000 in the bank. 💰 
\guykawasaki- The House committee quietly racking up oversight wins against Trump - POLITICO 
\guykawasaki- Kansas Already Picked the First Winner of the Democratic Primary - WhoWhatWhy 
\guykawasaki- Acting Defense Secretary Patrick Shanahan steps down, withdraws from Cabinet consideration 
\guykawasaki- Family comes first. Acting Defense Secretary Patrick Shanahan steps down, withdraws from Cabinet consideration 
\guykawasaki- Six GOP senators with 82 years combined congressional experience to host hearing on term limits – ThinkProgress 
\guykawasaki- Telling it like it is. 
\guykawasaki- Our Orlando Sentinel endorsement for president in 2020: Not Donald Trump 
\guykawasaki- Why Women Get More Autoimmune Diseases Than Men - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- Could this BEE any cuter? 🐝 
\guykawasaki- If you are a leader who is wondering “Why am I working harder than ever?,” take a good look at yourself, the organi… 
\guykawasaki- Mitch McConnell goes berserk – says granting Puerto Rico statehood, voting rights, representation is ‘full bore soc… 
\guykawasaki- Learn how to grow your business from a humble beginning to an influential industry changer. Join entrepreneurial po… 
\guykawasaki- Mitch McConnell And The Tobacco Industry: Documents Show Close Ties : NPR 
\guykawasaki- The hardest part of starting your own business is taking the first step. This course for is designed for budding en… 
\guykawasaki- We’re Totally Stealing This Trick Next Time We Forget Someone’s Name 
\guykawasaki- A Nasty Swine Flu in China Means Big Trouble for US Farmers 
\guykawasaki- Do the right thing, @CaterpillarInc. Make your fathers proud because you know they would never do something like th… 
\guykawasaki- Open season on America. Norway, if you’re listening: Feel free to hack our presidential race 
\guykawasaki- Who aren’t we at war with? India Increases Tariffs on U.S. Goods as Trade War Heats Up 
\guykawasaki- 6 Types Of Influencers And How To Identify A “True” Influencer 
\guykawasaki- Here's A Dad Joke! What Does The Buffalo Tell His Son In The Morning? Bye, Son! : NPR 
\guykawasaki- Another infringer for caterpillarinc to go after. Bonnets or backhoes? 
\guykawasaki- Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner Report Up to $135 Million in 2018 Income 
\guykawasaki- Concentration Camps Expert Andrea Pitzer: The Trump Administration Is Running Camps at the Southern Border 
\guykawasaki- Can you tell the difference between a cat and a caterpillar? Please spread this 
\guykawasaki- This is what the inside of a news van looks like. 
\guykawasaki- Republican Tax Bill Leads to Record-Breaking Drop in Corporate Revenues 
\guykawasaki- Was Iran Behind the Oman Tanker Attacks? A Look at the Evidence. 
\guykawasaki- Can Elizabeth Warren Win It All?. 
\guykawasaki- Every business is unique, but trust us: there are steadfast principles that position all new business ideas for suc… 
\guykawasaki- Do you want to change the world like Apple? This course will explain how to use a technique called evangelism to ch… 
\guykawasaki- The #1 Office Perk? Natural Light ☀️ 
\guykawasaki- Excellent advice for living the dream. 
\guykawasaki- Two Obama Officials Violated Same Law as Kellyanne Conway. Here’s the Difference. 
\guykawasaki- No way to run a country. 
\guykawasaki- Sarah Sanders leaving. 
\guykawasaki- ‘Bread is practically sacred’: how the taste of home sustained my refugee parents | Food 
\guykawasaki- Great interview with @ScottMillerFC of @FranklinCovey CLICK HERE to WATCH: We chatted about… 
\guykawasaki- This was a good ride. 
\guykawasaki- Hope Hicks’s testimony will be a crack in Trump’s wall 
\guykawasaki- Reinventing the Tomato for Survival in a Changing World 
\guykawasaki- Make America tone deaf again. Japanese American Groups Call Plan to Detain Migrants at Ex-Internment Site a ‘Gut Pu… 
\guykawasaki- Ethics expert on Mitch McConnell and Elaine Chao: “We are now a full-fledged banana republic” 
\guykawasaki- Warren leapfrogs Sanders in pair of 2020 polls - POLITICO 
\guykawasaki- Like ‘Uber for Organs’: Drone Delivers Kidney to Maryland Woman 
\guykawasaki- The crisis of crises. 
\guykawasaki- This Is Your Brain On Ads: How Mass Marketing Affects Our Minds 
\guykawasaki- Sorting Out Plastics At The Grocery Store 
\guykawasaki- A deepfake video of Mark Zuckerberg presents a new challenge for Facebook. 
\guykawasaki- Making These 3 Mistakes Can Cause Employee Disengagement in Your Business 
\guykawasaki- Can it get worse? 
\guykawasaki- I'll take this. 
\guykawasaki- The Secret Guide to Adding New Income Streams to Your Business 
\guykawasaki- The Impeachment Wars and the House Judiciary Committee - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- For decades, students at an elite school published a map with seniors’ college plans. This year, they decided it fe… 
\guykawasaki- Cat and Cloud Coffee ☕️ is a local coffee shop and it's being bullied by Caterpillar Inc. P… 
\guykawasaki- America’s attempt to ‘get tough’ with China could accelerate our own relative decline 
\guykawasaki- "Flexible working is smart working. Screw business as usual. If you trust your people to make their own decisions,… 
\guykawasaki- Deepfakes Are Coming. We Can No Longer Believe What We See. 
\guykawasaki- You have got to be kidding. 
\guykawasaki- Oh, TLDR. Amazing. Humiliating GOP Rep. Rob Woodall Proudly Defends Not Reading the Mueller Report. 
\guykawasaki- Help @catcloudcoffee 😺☁️☕️ Defend Itself from @CaterpillarInc 🙀 #DontBulldozeSmallBiz… 
\guykawasaki- How a message of acceptance from rural Oklahoma touched people around the world 
\guykawasaki- Conservatives should change how they think about global warming. I did 
\guykawasaki- Her Evangelical Megachurch Was Her World. Then Her Daughter Said She Was Molested by a Minister. 
\guykawasaki- Dressed for success with @Merge4_ @ Westchester County, New York 
\guykawasaki- James Corden Gives Scathing Review Of Donald Trump’s State Visit To The UK | HuffPost UK 
\guykawasaki- Lol Macron-Trump oak tree has died 
\guykawasaki- So You’ve Made a Huge Mistake. What Now? 
\guykawasaki- Would You Let a Robot Fire Your Employees? Amazon Did, Report Says 
\guykawasaki- Republicans whistle past the ‘legislative graveyard’. 
\guykawasaki- A Drama of Trump’s Own Making Ends With a Familiar Hero. 
\guykawasaki- Heroes of the Great Patriotic Trade War. 
\guykawasaki- Missouri now forcing doctors to give women unnecessary pelvic exams before abortions 
\guykawasaki- Why doesn’t President Trump give Venezuelan exiles temporary immigration paper 
\guykawasaki- How Trump Made Dr. Ruth Break Her Political Silence: ‘It’s So Sad What’s Happening’ 
\guykawasaki- Yeah, exactly. Barr Jokes That Returning to DOJ 'Like Jumping into Sainte-Mère-Église' on D-Day 
\guykawasaki- Sad. Trump claims 'a National Holiday would be immediately declared' if Obama made the deals he has | TheHill. 
\guykawasaki- Call immigrant detention centers what they really are: concentration camps. 
\guykawasaki- Here's what Warren understands about the economy that the Democratic pack does not. 
\guykawasaki- Caterpillar Inc. May have $54 billion in sales, but we raised $126 at my yard sale to help Cat and Cloud. Want to h… 
\guykawasaki- Caterpillar Inc. May have $54 billion in sales, but we raised $126 at my yard sale to help Cat and Cloud. Want to h… 
\guykawasaki- Some US embassies fly rainbow flag despite rejected requests from Trump admin | TheHill 
\guykawasaki- Mexico Agreed to Take Border Actions Months Before Trump Announced Tariff Deal 
\guykawasaki- So glad that @CaterpillarInc now sells stuff like this. #backhoeuccino 
\guykawasaki- So great I can get this from caterpillarinc. Genius brand extension. 
\guykawasaki- The 2020 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter Wants to Be the Safest Van Ever. Disclosure: I am a Mercedes brand ambassador. 
\guykawasaki- New Election Security Bills Face a One-Man Roadblock: Mitch McConnell. 
\guykawasaki- The Many Considerations of Skinny-Dipping. 
\guykawasaki- Make America homophobic again. Trump admin tells U.S. embassies they can’t fly pride flag on flagpoles 
\guykawasaki- I tell you what often gets overlooked - garden fences. #dadjokes #jokeoftheday via @baddadjokes 
\guykawasaki- More fake news? 'Game over': Big misses on jobs forecasts bring the costs of trade war into sharper focus. 
\guykawasaki- Slap a vodka tariff on them. Russian destroyer gets close to US Navy ship, forces move to 'avoid collision'. 
\guykawasaki- Climate change isn't enough. Trump administration plans major expansion of hunting, fishing in wildlife refuges 
\guykawasaki- Global 5G wireless networks could interfere with crucial satellite-based Earth observations, threaten weather forec… 
\guykawasaki- Good morning from California! @ Pleasure Point, California 
\guykawasaki- A Cleveland River Once Oozed and Burned. It’s Now a Hot Spot. 
\guykawasaki- This is the world's tallest sandcastle. 
\guykawasaki- Ride-hail revamp at SFO — new spot designated for pickups. 
\guykawasaki- Four Remarkably Simple Pitch Tips From An Entrepreneur Who Turned Her Idea Into A $2.5B 'Unicorn' 🦄… 
\guykawasaki- Seriously, @CaterpillarInc? This is how you want your brand perceived? 
\guykawasaki- Are Influencers Frauds or the Future of Online Commerce?. 
\guykawasaki- Can a pill really help you live longer? A new supplement claims to use complex systems science to help increase the… 
\guykawasaki- Republicans Are Fueling a Generation of Democrats 
\guykawasaki- Barack Obama’s Former Photographer Trolled Donald Trump During State Visit With These Three Photos 
\guykawasaki- Lol White House Pays $1 Million to Irish Funeral Home for Limo Rentals During Trump’s Two-Day Visit 
\guykawasaki- UN Slams U.S. Abortion Laws as “Extremist Hate” and “Torture” – VICE News 
\guykawasaki- Canadian tourist cracks safe locked for 40 years 
\guykawasaki- What happens when there are more women than men in the boardroom? 
\guykawasaki- Meet Lumber Club Marfa, An All-Girls Woodworking Group in West Texas 
\guykawasaki- TSA Precheck for legislation. Opinion | Kamala Harris Has a Brilliant Idea on Abortion 
\guykawasaki- Sidwell Friends: College Counselors Leave Elite D.C. School - The Atlantic 
\guykawasaki- 9 useful Control Center shortcuts for iPhone that you should be using 
\guykawasaki- How to manage apps in the app drawer for Messages in iOS 
\guykawasaki- Supplements For Energy, Weight Loss, Muscle-Building Carry Risk For Youth. 
\guykawasaki- 15 Healthiest Breakfast Foods - What to Eat in the Morning for Breakfast 
\guykawasaki- Probably all California tech millionaires. Tariffs on Mexico could cost America 400,000 jobs, a new report says 
\guykawasaki- I Want to Live in Elizabeth Warren’s America. 
\guykawasaki- Now the OG's will kill it to preserve "their" country. House passes latest DREAM Act, hoping to place millions of i… 
\guykawasaki- Vertebrates after all? Trump’s Mexico tariffs are sparking a Senate Republican backlash. 
\guykawasaki- Do you think it would pass today? 
\guykawasaki- This is the first thing flight attendants notice about you 
\guykawasaki- Simple motives: Guessing why Apple does things 
\guykawasaki- Grilled corn is quintessential summer. Here are four ways to do it. 
\guykawasaki- Facebook Messenger coming to Mac (and Windows) later this year via @macworld 
\guykawasaki- The Secret Sauce to Selling on #SocialMedia 91% of B2B buyers are now active and involved in social media 75% of B… 
\guykawasaki- Will they wimp out? Trump may have actually gone too far this time — and Republicans are fuming. 
\guykawasaki- Catholic Church spent $10 million on lobbyists in fight to stymie priest sex abuse suits 
\guykawasaki- Warren support breaks double digits 
\guykawasaki- A White Man’s Republic, If They Can Keep It. 
\guykawasaki- What is personal branding and why should you care? via @jaybaer 
\guykawasaki- How to Use Quiz Stickers on Instagram Stories 💡 📝 
\guykawasaki- 'Digital ghosts:' What happens to your social media accounts when you're no longer around? 
\guykawasaki- Immigrants who preceded us were targets, too 
\guykawasaki- What could possibly go wrong? GOP support for Trump has moved from transactional to fanatical 
\guykawasaki- It’s Trump’s party...The End of the Republican Trump Resistance - The Atlantic 
\christine- Come and see @troop61691 @calista at Santino's Vino, California &amp; Fillmore! It's @girlscouts cookie time! 
\christine- Taking a moment to remember trailblazer #KatherineJohnson today, and be awed again by what she achieved for us all… 
\christine- It's Girl Scout COOKIE TIME...please support @Troop61691 @calista by eating Thin Mints (or whichever is your favori… 
\christine- OMG I just stumbled into pharmacy @reddit, and it's like watching an episode of Drunk Snark Chemistry 😂 
\christine- when your boyfriend is 🔥🔥🔥 @kcmaas 
\christine- Time to buy more coon urine @sfist @Bernalwood @CodeBlueScents 
\christine- Why I get angry, when folks think diversity can be checked off of a moral to-do list 👇 
\christine- Another special light has gone out this week. @thuymuoi, your sweet ferocity is missed, and we are all better for h… 
\christine- 🥰 #StarTrekPicard 
\christine- When comic strip artists become @girlscouts Cookie Managers 😂 
\christine- 😕 
\christine- Oh PS my amazing girls come from @SFUnified @AlvaradoSchool &amp; @NewSchoolSF 🥰 
\christine- #shesaidyes! THRILLED that @girlscouts @troop61691 (aka "@christine's +1") will get to visit with @UCBerkeley Chanc… 
\christine- "Lupine free" caught my eye, in particular...what, no wolves were harmed in the making of this chocolate?!? 🐺🥰 (Ap… 
\christine- Foodie looking for a laugh? Ask @alexa99 "what is chocolate ganache frosting?" 
\christine- 😂😂😂 
\christine- (Sent from the floor, where I am lying on a large, icy gel pack and thankful that this &amp; ibuprofen is all I need af… 
\christine- Thank you @NCAupdates for teaching me how to fall in high school. Yesterday I slipped down a flight of metal stairs… 
\christine- Winner of best teaching award for bay area housing issues goes to @fifeca 
\christine- Caveat: the kids are now reachable, so not *exactly* the same track (mad props to @relay_go for someone finally get… 
\christine- - Leaving the house for hours (unreachable until I came back hungry,) 6 - Home alone 'for a bit,' 7 - Arriving home… 
\christine- thank you @businessinsider for continuing to channel Hot Dog (&amp; for the 4th grade science class nostalgia) 🤩 
\christine- What takes the most time/$/effort to set up and take down? 
\christine- Everyone needs a lice check. #RuinTheHolidaysIn5Words 
\christine- When your boyfriend pulls an epic troll on your @dietcoke stash and you were craving a nice cold one 😭 CURSE YOU… 
\christine- Pro tip for your holidays! When kids (or guests) explode with glitter (especially if sticky with mod podge) resista… 
\christine- Way to go, Mom! #BettyFiggers 🙌💙 Florida 'dumpster baby' now an entrepreneur worth millions @FiggersWireless 
\christine- THIS. 
\christine- favorite phrase of the day: "enthusiasm runway" 😂 e.g. "there's a year of cash runway, but their enthusiasm runway… 
\christine- Happy Thanksgiving! #CranberryThanksgiving 
\christine- Random thought of the day: just realized that my vintage 'class of 0-40' castoff is the #1 unluckiest sweatshirt in… 
\christine- First @49ers game for the ladies! 
\christine- oh, this one is a gem too...! @Frigidaire 
\christine- hm, this one might be the best (this also just happened to my grandma on her 2-year old @frigidaire oven. customer… 
\christine- (if you can't tell, I am furious that @Frigidaire is shanking my 96-year-old grandma, and I am hoping someone there… 
\christine- this just happened to my 96-year-old grandma on her 2-year old @frigidaire oven (will tweet pics shortly). customer… 
\christine- this just happened to my 96-year-old grandma on her 2-year old @frigidaire oven (will tweet pics shortly). customer… 
\christine- this just happened to my 96-year-old grandma on her 2-year old @frigidaire oven (will tweet pics shortly). customer… 
\christine- I really need to find better Saturday night activities for when @kcmaas is out of town 😅 
\christine- PS thanks @BisTheFairy for my new favorite phrase "powered by an effing spirit bar,' which could be applied to anyt… 
\christine- This thread, all day long. 🤣 🙏🧚🏼‍♀️👑 
\christine- 🤔 
\christine- Wondering if @californiapuc will revisit their decision to permit @ATT @Verizon deactivation of residential copper… 
\christine- Trimline phones are $12 retail, so guessing it's &lt;$5 to issue a landline phone that doesn't need power, for customers in high-risk areas. 
\christine- Most homes have copper phone wiring, which does not require electricity. @PGE4Me @ATT how about cutting a deal to "… 
\christine- Reminder: only those who you shared a post to on @facebook or etc in the first place, will see it in their search r… 
\christine- PSA: If you offer help to #KincaidFire evacuees or #PGEshutoff folks, remember to tag your post - it might not get… 
\christine- one of my eeros (first-gen) died. 😰 @geteero do you have a recycling program? 
\christine- Only those you are posting the offer to will be able to see it in search results. (Friends, Public, specific friend… 
\christine- If you are offering resources to people being evacuated/without power, make it easy for them to find you. Include i… 
\christine- If you're a Burner that is safe &amp; enjoying grid power, please consider offering up your power kit to people without… 
\christine- - heavy-duty extension cords - your 30-amp to 15-amp adapters (or similar) - instruction manual, and notes on what… 
\christine- How to make a power outage care package (aka, Burners helping non-Burners!) - your @burningman generator (don't fo… 
\christine- 👩‍👩‍👧🙏 
\christine- Please join @troop61691 and wish my grandma a most wonderful 96th birthday!! 🎂🎙️💚 ('singing telegram' drop-in surp… 
\christine- obscurely delighted to see that @WeberiGrill puts a little grill in my phone's notifications bar while I cook 👩‍🍳 
\christine- 😰🕯️ 
\christine- Kicking off @Schramsberg Harvest Camp, and putting my pruning skills to excellent use. 😇🥂 
\christine- At long last...'champagne camp' at @Schramsberg begins! 🥂 
\christine- Wondering if the same folks who complain about their neighbor's playa prep are also charging their phones &amp; etc on burner jennies tonight 
\christine- so....@wayfair, if you're hoping customers won't notice item price changes when they Add to Cart, perhaps don't bum… 
\christine- Oh and also @calista lost a tooth today so the tooth fairy is coming....as of now she will leave the standard gold… 
\christine- #mommyandme + @googlenest @carrier = #achievementunlocked 🤣 
\christine- ...'so now you have two people with white skin and one with green and like one and a half with black and that seems… 
\christine- ...'because the only other black person is cyborg, and he's only a little bit black because he's mostly a robot' and also: 
\christine- So @calista and I started @DCUTitans, and when she sees starfire she exclaims 'oh, I'm glad they made her black, th… 
\christine- Enjoying quality mother-daughter time with @calista ❤ 
\christine- #floridawoman strikes back! 
\christine- Oooo @alexa99 add me add me add me!!!! #EchoLoop 
\christine- Dying (or not?) 🤣🤔 cc @hotsharptoxic @Jim_in_Oregon 
\christine- trying to elevate the direct message thread: I am not trying to block a specific phone user. I want to block the au… 
\christine- cc @joshu @BWOps 
\christine- AKA yet another secret plot by @Apple to spam and troll @Android users 
\christine- Congratulations @tolles and the @Topix team! 
\christine- Does anyone know how to turn off the annoying 'liked' notification texts that iOS Message users are sending to SMS… 
\christine- Sneak peek of our newest @LinesBallet dancers, Alvaro Montelongo and Lortis Eichinger....shhhh... (with Adji Cisso… 
\christine- Studio rehearsals now underway for the upcoming @LinesBallet @morethan88 and @CharlesLloydSax premiere 💙 
\christine- OK, I give up. What is the metal ring atop the dome (outside) of a #shiftpod 2 for? All I've got so far is mini quidditch... 
\christine- More split loyalties! @Athletics v @Yankees with @kcmaas 💙 
\christine- Flawless, fast online order pickup at @HomeDepot today. Fun to guess which door will magically open &amp; store manager… 
\christine- 🤗🇺🇸🗽 
\christine- listening to more white men proclaim on stage that they "don't see" gender or color 🙄 
\christine- No one trolls like NY trolls. ❤🤣 
\christine- ...get your copy here! #quantumcomputing @oreillymedia "quantum teleportation...it's only a little bit creepy!"… 
\christine- PS so @Jim_in_Oregon @JimStLeger this isn't your '49-qubit cake,' but it will do! 😅 #QuantumComputing cc… 
\christine- Congratulations EJ on the launch of your #QuantumComputing how-to book...and wow, persistence pays off!! 🐙… 
\christine- Class-action/pattern of discrimination lawyers, please read 
\christine- PS it's a baking speed rack, not a rack server...but same idea. 🤣 
\christine- Feeling baller about my new, high-volume kid lego strategy 😎 
\christine- Fire is about 10' high and unfortunately no way for firefighters to access undermeath 101 overpass - they were prep… 
\christine- Brush fire happening NOW behind American Gymnastics Club on Bayshore - parents whisking kids out from camp and fire… 
\christine- When I said goodbye to my Odeo account... #MyTwitterAnniversary 
\christine- Moms know real caring when they see it. Politics set aside, @BetoORourke is a genuine man. 
\christine- Sign up for @MomsDemand Action. 😥 (Non moms also welcome.) 
\christine- Within three minutes the @away associate handed me a new wheel, at home it took one zipper and four screws to be ba… 
\christine- Blown away AGAIN by @away's amazing customer service and product design. One of my first-gen bag's wheels came apar… 
\christine- My @getaround rep assured me that you would fix, though 'it would probably take longer than doing it yourself and b… 
\christine- I can't take my car in for an estimate as you asked...(a) *you have the car* and (b) broken clutch won't go into an… 
\christine- Pinging @Getaround - where is my car? Your service rep sent a tow truck last Monday (10 days ago) to pick up and br… 
\christine- Amazing data presentation (and research!) on political funding - kudos @nytimes 
\christine- Found in the freezer this morning: reminder that I come from a thrifty Southern family. 😂 
\christine- BWAHAHA 
\christine- I know I'm *supposed* to like @BernieSanders or @ewarren, but OH MY @KAMALAHARRIS IS A BADASS and you have to have immense respect for her. 
\christine- WOW.... @herbiehancock looks goooood! not just a music icon... 
\christine- PSA for @girlscouts: @Target is having a 'buy 3 first aid items, get a free case' promo. Just buy enough ($2 itch s… 
\christine- PS I even was able to wash out the @Sharpie from last year 
\christine- Related: Kudos to @Hasbro for making #furReal StarLily tough enough that she survived being SOAKED (mostly upside d… 
\christine- Love means spending 30 minutes washing acrylic paint out of white robot unicorn fur for hysterical child, when her… 
\christine- Related: don't be shy asking about #Zoi's uber-cool hydraulic shutters (apparently, made for them by a ship builder… 
\christine- The BEST night out in #Split! First-class dinner at #Zoi, built right onto the wall of the Diocletian Palace 🤩 
\christine- Bonus: a homegrown business! #floridanative (My trusty Banana Boat being (a) acquired by a conglomerate and (b) not yet reef safe.) 
\christine- Happy to see that @TrustTheBum (Sun Bum) coconut sunscreen is reef safe!! Now I can 🧡🐠 AND smell like vacation 🥥😎… 
\christine- thank you @flySFO @TurkishAirlines staff, for quickly making things right, when call reps could not! 
\christine- This morning I told @calista to go do her hair, teeth, and ears [newly pierced] so we could leave for camp. She c… 
\christine- Looking forward to #Pitch4Purpose tomorrow with @adeoressi and @noahventure! Always a treat when there are Real Bus… 
\christine- Re: challenges of serving identity, security, and parity 
\christine- Happy @GirlScouts Bridging from @Troop61691 @AlvaradoSchool @NewSchoolSF! 👭 💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚 💙 ⬇️ 🤍… 
\christine- Request from a 10-year-old @troop61691 @girlscouts (and @warriors: fan!) instead of @NBA and @WNBA, why not MNBA an… 
\christine- This is absolutely true. 
\christine- I'm also wondering what would have happened if we had not noticed the date change on the connection, and taken the… 
\christine- Having called @TurkishAirlines and was told that no, they won't replace it with the other flight that is available.… 
\christine- So...based on this read, a female founder got fired for lying about being in her 40s. Gee, I can't *imagine* why sh… 
\christine- Having a bad experience with @TurkishAirlines. They canceled my connection and replaced with a flight leaving befor… 
\christine- And just like this, @alexbard @redpointvc gets onto the go-to list for female entrepreneurs #HappyFathersDay 
\christine- The most compelling video you'll see this week. 
\christine- So, I ordered a @Starbucks tea latte (no syrup) and got plain tea. No biggie, I dumped out some water and asked the… 
\christine- Hell week hits the Bay Area 
\christine- Related: thank you @warriorscamp for the team jerseys today (!) ...though @calista says she'll wear her @KDTrey5 ge… 
\christine- 'And since you're part of our family you can't just go live with someone else's mom and get a bigger allowance. But… 
\christine- Explaining to @calista why she might need a new @warriors jersey: 'it's like how you get $8/week and Irie gets $12/… 
\christine- .@dalepd how can I help? DM me. 
\christine- Alerting @sgrahamjohnston 
\christine- Whoops, even I triggered three of these squares (white, went to Burning Man, tweets daily) h/t @pt 
\christine- h/t to @craigslist, which implemented the same platform protection 20 years ago (anonymized, throwaway emails with… 
\christine- New computer glasses! 👓 #justgotmyzennis 
\christine- Realizing that I don't believe the need for cash goes away because growing up in a hurricane zone = taking for gran… 
\christine- This thread 👇 is a fascinating perspective on current US political issues 
\christine- Eager for an opportunity to use the phrase 'cone of uncertainty' when talking startup trajectories 😆 
\christine- Fascinating data visualization of competition in electric car sales from @masegoslin @cleantechnica PS this would… 
\christine- Love is an OCD righty cook, peacefully sharing her knife block with a lefty man 
\christine- PS I'm not so bothered about the actual 30 minute (and counting) tarmac wait, it's the bad customer information...… 
\christine- Dear @United, when you are still sitting on tarmac waiting for an arrival gate at 11:30AM, you do not get to show f… 
\christine- About to have the perfect day in NYC...! Sacks of @barneygreengras goodies in the park + something new to learn, wi… 
\christine- Meeting lifelong idol and OG #SHEro @TheRitaMoreno, whose gravitas and joie de vivre inspired every @sesamestreet k… 
\christine- Alonzo King receiving an honorary doctorate from @JuilliardSchool today...congratulations Alonzo, and thank you for… 
\christine- Here for Alonzo, but couldn't help my fangirl squealing when @TheRitaMoreno happily waved at us... 😍 &gt;&gt;&gt; Alonzo Kin… 
\christine- 'It's always easier to not do something. Cynicism is always in fashion...but the world is changed by people's dream… 
\christine- Wow, great save! New @StyleBeeBeauty stylist was here only 15 min after original appt time...thank you! 💖 
\christine- Related: thank you @columbia, @stanford, and @SallieMae for my six years of Pell Grants, Perkins Loans, work-study… 
\christine- The real @RFS_Vista gift isn't debt relief for current students - it's the springboard for creating more generation… 
\christine- And some schools make things free for families below a certain income: "@Stanford will continue to provide free tui… 
\christine- The Ivy League schools have "need blind" admissions, which = they provide enough financial aid (grants/work study/g… 
\christine- Why it's a big deal when schools receive generations of major benefactor support: Like families, schools built upon… 
\christine- .@AlexLeavenworth I have the best FB Live video of you singing with @carrieunderwood, go download/tag yourself! ❤ 
\christine- Thank you for those who supported....project is now fully funded! 👨‍💻👩🏽‍💻👨🏿‍💻👩‍💻👩🏽‍🏫 
\christine- Just had realization that I'm not a last-minute mom...I am an expert pop-up event planner! #momlife 
\christine- I now give you the #leftshark of...tomatoes? (both @AeroGarden pods are 174 days, just started producing) 
\christine- Congrats @JohnChinaSVB!!!! (Also, no one is surprised...) 
\christine- Mad props to today's lunch crew at @McDonalds #14401 in Oakland! #PerfectFriesToo 
\christine- the strangest things can make you nostalgic for home 🐜 
\christine- Please help me get Ms. Ferrer's first @donorschoose project (!) funded! Will you join me in making a donation, for… 
\christine- Go @carolynrodz @ElizabethGore! #CircularSummit 
\christine- Seeing how much diversity dies inside a corporate pipeline is a demoralizing gut punch. (2018 data from @mckinsey,… 
\christine- 'Most women in this country will die broke and alone...women need to look at their lives holistically - and society… 
\christine- 'As women, we are not just our issues...and so we need our whole selves in order to solve them.' @Lupita_Nyongo wit… 
\christine- PS our entire @girlscouts @troop61691 met ever-generous @YiyingLu, and we were in the garage/both lobbies/art exhib… 
\christine- ...so it's irreplaceable, a piece of my grandma, part of my self identity (worn during all the years you decide who… 
\christine- ...and as it happened, I took a picture of it this weekend because I was looking into having the stone reset. (It p… 
\christine- From the It Can't Hurt to Ask Dept: I lost a gold ring yesterday (at NEMA) that my grandma made. She gave it to m… 
\christine- Wishing I could be at @flventure this month! I'm thrilled to see the growth of platforms (and capital!) for the inn… 
\christine- Routine ground balls in the 8th. Why are @JoePanik and @Solarte26 running to first slower than my nine year old? 😭 @SFGiants 
\christine- the loneliest little fan at @SFGiants - @Dodgers tonight #OraclePark 
\christine- Heads up @SFist @Bernalwood, my daughter and I just saw a coyote trotting down this sidewalk on Beacon going toward… 
\christine- Managing divided loyalties at @SFGiants vs @Yankees with @kcmaas (whose strategy is to cheer for a tight game...eg,… 
\christine- Create tab on web site is just animated marketing copy to download @roblox Studio. Studio has a File Open, but only… 
\christine- Going batty trying to find where to upload clothing files in @Roblox for @calista - workflow help says click Create… 
\christine- TFW you finally ID a decades-old CNAME breaking new mail DNS setup for your main domain, and you can slouch off to… 
\christine- Related: I tried to raise this concern both in the cafe, and at the buffet. I was brusquely told to 'keep it for ne… 
\christine- If you need to increase revenue from the buffet, please find another way. Charge a buck per kid, instead of kids ea… 
\christine- Note: I don't have an issue with people purchasing beer/wine. What I have an issue with is @bayclubs Family Night *… 
\christine- The @bayclubs Redwood Shores buffet line currently has 4 adults and 13 kids. Why encourage those 4 adults to be dri… 
\christine- Hey @bayclubs - eliminating the "no alcohol" option at your weekly Family Night buffet is a terrible idea. I will *… 
\christine- this changes EVERYTHING 🥳 
\christine- +1 for realizing how many leaflets you've handed out to strangers, all of whom can now unlock your laptop. 😱 
\christine- argh....just went to check out this week's @amazon cart and the assortment is sold out...@tcbandages please post mo… 
\christine- missing life's colors from back home 🧡💛❤️💚🧡💛❤️💚 #EarthDay2019 
\christine- Happy Easter to all of the tired moms &amp; dads trying to hide their dye-stained Bunny Fingers this morning 🐰😪 
\christine- ....@girlscouts social media team is On. Point. 😎 
\christine- PS If you really want to see more diverse founders, an awesome way to encourage "Yes You Can" is to volunteer for a… 
\christine- ...also, thank you @BridgerBrooks for tolerating SO MANY cuddles @HydrantClub @GirlScouts @GSNorCal #troop61691 
\christine- THANK YOU @CathyBrooks for visiting @GirlScouts #troop61691 to share the story of founding @HydrantClub and working… 
\christine- Fascinating @TheAtlantic writeup on the dentistry business, raising questions you won't forget when you're back in… 
\christine- interesting discussion of @Disney's dynamic pricing model, and how their scaling strategy leverages premium experie… 
\christine- just used the phrase 'daisy chaining' and the person had no idea what I was talking about, neither via computing no… 
\christine- One of the best things about shopping for plants is being around the happy-content-green-growing vibe of all the ot… 
\christine- "BIG ABORTION" IS NOT A THING, @MARSHABLACKBURN. WE WON'T EVEN HASHTAG IT. (gak, now look what you've done, I've g… 
\christine- LAST CHANCE! Please join me at the @LinesBallet Spring Gala, Sat 4/13. @JenSiebelNewsom is our honorary gala chair,… 
\christine- PS how to connect with schools: school district will list all local schools and contact info; pick school(s) and se… 
\christine- ...or the 'share rooms' in which lost items (after a month in lost &amp; found) are put up for grabs for families/kids… 
\christine- ...and let's not forget all of the subscriptions to classroom apps (we put on our personal credit cards, but accoun… 
\christine- ...sidewalk chalk, bubble machine/goo, kickballs, clay, garden tools (adult+child), gardening gloves, indoor/outdoo… 
\christine- Things that teachers beg for ongoing in their classrooms (I have purchased/chipped in for all of these at some poin… 
\christine- Standing ovation for @okta today - I'd be happy for my daughter's public school (and others) to have donated (even… 
\christine- So, @itsgabrielleu's husband is making everyone cry today ❤🙏 
\christine- 🤣🤯😍 this @Marvel @Avengers thread 👇 
\christine- 😱🤣 #TweetOfTheDay 
\christine- "So mama, the real people who know how to save the future are @deadpool and @DrStrange, right?" @calista @Marvel #MamasGirl #SoProud 
\christine- #mamasgirl @deadpool @calista @urbanbarbarian 
\christine- Though she did chew me out for noting the @deadpool 2 time machine teaser in light of upcoming @Avengers Endgame..… 
\christine- (@calista has been to @burningman so certain other grownup words did not require definition...) 
\christine- Oh NO, what have I done...please like if you think @calista should illustrate the next @deadpool credits. She'll he… 
\christine- Oh and also teach her about #dubstep BWAHAHA 
\christine- Turns out @deadpool 2 is an excuse to teach @calista about #rotoscoping 
\christine- TFW you grab some overnight gear from the garage in a hurry, shove it in your car, and only then notice that your b… 
\christine- Why we all 💚 @hunterwalk 👇 
\christine- PS apologies @OrlandoWyndham for the @officialavatar paint job that blissfully passed out into your crisp white pillowcases 😱 
\christine- Having confirmed that mama gets one free checked bag, @calista ends up #winning @WaltDisneyWorld (thanks-no-thanks… 
\christine- 4 generations of women: - 1st woman to run Dade County Circuit Court, artist, married 50+ yrs - homemaker-to-COBOL… 
\christine- Thinking @RussellOkung will appreciate this one 😇 
\christine- PS I am utterly confused by commentary that frames the @Backstage_Cap change as anything but more scalable, more su… 
\christine- Congrats @imchristiepitts, well deserved! (Also, good to see @ArlanWasHere shift into a sustainable gear for scalin… 
\christine- wondering what @United @MesaAirlines is doing to get their #DACA flight attendant @serenesprings out of ICE custody… 
\christine- 'Some people think that if they're bad at a game, they shouldn't play it. But I'm having fun because it's OK to be… 
\christine- (= punishment for a little too much fun eating competition baby backs at @Stagecoach last summer 😭) 
\christine- super duper excited to be getting a root canal in between @ycombinator #DemoDay 1 and 2 #PuffMommy #RollWithIt 
\christine- For Fundraising, Seed is No Longer a Round, It’s a Phase by @hunterwalk 
\christine- ....seems I have a hard time saying no to any girl wanting to make more for herself. #troop61691 @girlscouts @GSNorCal 
\christine- Me and my girls (AKA 'how @christine spent her sabbatical') ❤ 
\christine- after tonight's @suns game, @warriors fans be like 
\christine- Let's go @warriors....and thank you @WilliamBlairCo @ArmaninoLLP @Square1Bank for inviting @calista and the rest of… 
\christine- Thank you @nwlinejatc for making my stepson this happy! (and for the awesome graduation pics...) 🙌 
\christine- I ❤️ trade schools 💪🙏 
\christine- Last weekend for @girlscouts cookies, the girls are out rain or shine! ❤ Come and see us at Castro MUNI! 
\christine- potentially the most disruptive company @500Startups today is @MemoirHealth - outpatient treatment for substance ab… 
\christine- 💯 for the diverse @500Startups founders doing mic drops like "built a nuclear fusion reactor" and "PhD in aerospace… 
\christine- Little hustler pitching cookies @500Startups Demo Day @Bespoke_SF! (And @calista fits right in...this batch is 40%… 
\christine- 🤩🥰🥳 
\christine- 'It's been easier for the public to forgive A-Rod's mistakes than mine...cancer touches everyone in some way, so fo… 
\christine- 'Discipline is a highly transferable skill from elite sport to investing...I can't imagine being able to sit throug… 
\christine- 🤣 
\christine- 'narrative is what gives us connection...it's what we use to get people to buy our products, join our church, and r… 
\christine- happy to see @PositiveCoachUS at #GSBSIC2019, and thrilled to see @JimThompson18's vision grow nationally 
\christine- 'During the growth of television, football was the perfect sport for this new technology...for the first time, you… 
\christine- Easily one of the top heavy hitter tech panels of all time with @joetsai1999 @CondoleezzaRice and Derek Chang 😀… 
\christine- There must be auspicious juju going around...I had three people approach me today, saying "hey, I heard you were jo… 
\christine- IT'S ZIP TIES!!! 🤯🤩 #sharpiemom #ziptiemom #burningman 
\christine- Come and say hi! @calista and I have cookies! (We're in front of Whole Foods on Emerson til 6pm.) 💚 
\christine- PSA: @calista will be selling @girlscouts cookies at @WholeFoods Palo Alto from 2:30-6:00 today! (And I'm down for… 
\christine- It turns out that San Francisco gradeschoolers have @Beyonce-worthy, starstruck awe for @LondonBreed! One of my… 
\christine- Gak! Autocorrect does not know @LondonBreed...😭 
\christine- Welcome San Francisco Mayor @LondonBreed to @AlvaradoSchool! ❤ 
\christine- Mayor @London Reed visiting @Alvaradoschool today! 
\christine- which reminds me, cc cooking nerds @canida @tomascooking @micah @benjamindblack @mvanhorn @cdouvos @MatthiasWagner… 
\christine- TFW you have friends who know you so well, they make sure you know how hard you'd have to slap a chicken to cook it… 
\christine- kicking myself for just realizing how delicious prosecco is with Savannah Smiles. Especially because I. MAKE. LIMONCELLO. 😱 
\christine- Prolific @AeroGarden basil 😍 #nofilter 
\christine- PS If you select 'Other' please reply with where you've heard this before 😺😾🙀 
\christine- So @RebeccaWoodcock just busted out "it's not like you're petting the cat backwards" and I am trying to determine s… 
\christine- will you help @calista save hearts for Valentine's Day? ❤️ @American_Heart #kidsheartchallenge 
\christine- Thank you @500Startups @christine_tsai for inviting @calista over today...happy to power up #batch24 pitch prep wit… 
\christine- looks like @calista and I need to find another route home tonight 😱 cc @Bernalwood 
\christine- Perfect advice for sabbaticals and serendipity seeking. 🙌 Also, why I say "looking to meet smart people doing new… 
\christine- ...It's not as flashy (or marketable) as a classic big @girlscouts adventure, but that's fine with me ❤️ (please d… 
\christine- #troop61691 girls are earning money so that ongoing activity costs ($30 camping skill workshops, $60 robotics class… 
\christine- related: torrential rain in SF this month means fewer @girlscouts sidewalk cookie booths - please DM me if the cook… 
\christine- my two favorite classes at @StanfordGSB were touchy-feely and supply chain management. as it turns out, these are t… 
\christine- Thank you @SophiaViklund! Such a great group at @500startups #vcunlocked (and thank you for the time-elapsed pics o… 
\christine- PS no, she did not get a @KDTrey5 autograph, that's @calista's own name on the ball....what mom DOESN'T immediately… 
\christine- Thank you, @ComericaBank @nfluencepart @wilsonsonsini for bringing together such a great (and family-friendly) event! 
\christine- And then this happened #firstgame #soldthecashierthinmints @KDTrey5 @warriors 
\christine- I tried to defend @StephenCurry30's sportsmanlike virtue, but she was having none of it. We negotiated that he coul… 
\christine- She replies "@KDTrey5!" and I reply "whaaat, not @StephenCurry30?!", to which she argues that @KDTrey5 is a really good sport. 
\christine- So @calista and I are heading to meet #VCNetwork for her first (!) @warriors game, and I ask her if she could get j… 
\christine- Celebrating @Cartier with @1erinflynn...so happy for you!! ❤ 
\christine- “I prefer to stand up, roll this log over, and see what crawls out.” 
\christine- On the plus side, I"ve learned to apply travel procrastination as a signal for low priorities. 
\christine- My innate introvert's talent for procrastinate-leaving-until-it's-too-late-to-go is staggering 
\christine- People who disapprove of Trump didn't tune in. 
\christine- This thread 👇😡😭👨‍👩‍👧💕 
\christine- Congrats @webb and the @TechSoup team! Well-deserved support, after your many years of making a difference. 
\christine- more wonderful, crafty policy work from Hawaii (!) 
\christine- Happy birthday #RosaParks! Thank you for your constant inspiration to our home. (Amazing artwork courtesy of… 
\christine- So...it turns out that @kcmaas is the Mr. Nice Guy who only yells "Jeepers!" on bad football plays. 😆💕 
\christine- PS @RussellOkung my absolute all-time favorite ballplayer is @kcmaas of course...your better halves know what's what 😉 
\christine- Forced to admit this @ScooterMagruder video is (a) actually an awesome explanation of football and (b) hilarious (g… 
\christine- NOOOOOO 
\christine- When the chef at @BluestemSF sends you deviled eggs on your hot lunch date with @kcmaas 
\christine- Settling in on @united, and 😆 at the perfect work-life integration in my #baobao flight prep. #momlife… 
\christine- Typical ho-hum Thursday, hand on the torch &amp; shooting out flames in a hot air balloon (with @brentbushnell of cours… 
\christine- (Source: every stall in the ladies' room.) 
\christine- I 💙 @upfrontvc #longla #UpfrontSummit #nomoremetoo 
\christine- Having just heard @hitRECordJoe speak to discover it's 'hit ree-cord,' NOT 'hit wreck-curd' 🤯 #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- Ad a kid, I used our lawn mower to kill rattlers and cottonmouths when they got in our yard. Yes, I mowed the lawn… 
\christine- 'I'm a collaborator. I need new ideas and new people...I'm building a culture of creativity, and @ImpactImagine is… 
\christine- '@FoxNews had a choice of being America's conservative network, or being Trump's network...and so we now have oliga… 
\christine- '#MeToo? I have a list. Call me.' @kathygriffin #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- 'It's good for society when more capital goes into entrepreneurship and technology...and it's bad for us [investors… 
\christine- 'Don't make hiring decisions when you're fatigued. You'll miss red flags in the hurry to check something off your l… 
\christine- 'Sometimes, even the best policies run up against straight-up racism.' @deray #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- Hello BUR! How I love you so.... (even though I am missing @TwoBitCircus !) 
\christine- COOKIES AND TACOS?!? Two great causes for your belly today...get @girlscouts cookies from 3-6PM at @tacolicious on… 
\christine- in case you were wondering what 4,026 boxes of @girlscouts cookies prepped for 27 scouts would look like in your mu… 
\christine- TFW you spend your sabbatical volunteering and end up buried in cookies @GSNorCal @girlscouts #troop61691 
\christine- Just gonna leave this here amidst the bounty of my joy in @warriors @SteveKerr and their epic social game. 
\christine- Excellent summary of the crisis in the the news biz via @JeremyLittau 
\christine- nerdvana! @TwoBitCircus 
\christine- Hearth cost: $13.99 for 30 feet of backdrop. (Also in process: $3.99 of dry erase board charting tape makes great l… 
\christine- This will be SICK once I finish blocking out "fireplace" and put a wee bit of plastic backdrop on the wall adjacent to "chimney" 
\christine- There needs to be living room cosplay for moms prepping kid parties. Gryffindor common room in process..... [plasti… 
\christine- &lt;waiting for @SpeakerPelosi's upcoming best seller on parenting&gt; 
\christine- 👍 on @treehouse...and paying for Portland relo! 
\christine- Appallingly indecent: "To the best of my knowledge, this marks the first time in our nation’s history that servicem… 
\christine- YES!!! Thank you @KeyWest for working to save our beautiful coral reefs. ❤️ 
\christine- Want to know what rock solid user experience/customer service looks like? @mattdouglas @punchbowl nails it in 3 twe… 
\christine- YES!!! 
\christine- Congrats @movableink! 
\christine- Today's thread of the day 🤣 #sofancy 
\christine- Thread of the day 👇🥜 
\christine- Nice! 
\christine- the mom who sent me that screen shot from her phone was definitely *not* OK with it, and now I am worried that I ne… 
\christine- are @disney @sesamestreet et al cool with marijuana ads next to licensed character invites? 
\christine- Hey @punchbowl I am NOT comfortable with your placing marijuana ads on the RSVP page for my third grader's sleepove… 
\christine- Hey @punchbowl I am NOT comfortable with your placing marijuana ads on the RSVP page for my third grader's sleepove… 
\christine- TFW your kid enthusiastically asks for leftovers from the dinner you made last night for today's lunch #winning 
\christine- #inboxinfinity for 2019! '...let go of the false need to respond to every email. YOU control your day &amp; your priori… 
\christine- 👇 
\christine- Happy New Year! 
\christine- +1 
\christine- Pro tip: #LOTR is a handy explainer for parents coming clean on Santa. Scene where Gandalf tells Frodo that Sauron… 
\christine- Does anyone know what comparison data for @Mattel @Barbie is? The original white doll is noted as their "best selle… 
\christine- Related: @calista masterful working of family to amass #lolsurprise dolls from literally all gift sources is impres… 
\christine- Unsurprisingly given sample population, @calista's 3 favorites ("because they're the prettiest") are 66.7% black (b… 
\christine- Post-holiday #lolsurprise diversity data shows 32.4% black, 37.8% caramel (given hair, probable this is a combo of… 
\christine- The viral spread of #LOLSurprise doll collections is quietly normalizing diversity in pretend play - kudos @MGAEntertain 
\christine- Not for the first time, appreciating that girls squeal over their #LOLSurprise dolls no matter what ethnicity they discover inside 
\christine- Merry Christmas to all the project leads 
\christine- Every eggnoggy drop is Christmas juicy 🤣🤣🤣 
\christine- Perfectly timed for a wrung out, single mom birthday 😪 
\christine- Also related: children whose job it is to put away clean dishes will puke, if enveloped by a cloud of melted rubber… 
\christine- Related: the mystery of burning smell (which source @calista and I frantically searched for yesterday afternoon, as… 
\christine- PSA: If you notice a burning smell in the kitchen but the stove/oven etc are off, check the dishwasher for loose it… 
\christine- PS using my @SpiderVerse birthday bottle the rest of the year #MilesMorales 
\christine- Happiest birthday = @DrafthouseSF @SpiderVerse with 30 geeky pals + hot @kcmaas @aster_sf date + @AeroGarden basil… 
\christine- Irresistible, flowing work by #nachocarbonell @Carpenters_CWG making sense after tonight's @LinesBallet board meeti… 
\christine- At last, science has an excuse for chomping on your baby! #momlife 
\christine- yes...yes it is...BWAHAHAHAHA 
\christine- Follow @jkbjournalist @MiamiHerald to get updates on the horrifyingly long line of girls-now-women trying to get th… 
\christine- #MinTs ftw 🙌 
\christine- Also I am supposed to use up the Shopkins*. Still cool to collect....no longer cool to wear. * figured I should pu… 
\christine- First guess: trap the chunks of rust floating in the tank? 
\christine- Related: wondering what, exactly, my stepson @TheDannyNewton had in mind when he zip tied two taped-together rare e… 
\christine- One down, one to go. #momlife #secondshift 
\christine- (things geeky moms do: make sure fingerprint protected by Elsa is also cropped by 2/3 and unused by any biometric auth) 
\christine- Things moms do: use up leftover #frozen bandaids that your daughter now thinks she is too old for, because you are… 
\christine- Bright news for your Sunday 
\christine- Please enjoy this badge work from Nala and Brixton, third graders who included not only "vote" and "protesting," bu… 
\christine- M&amp;A due diligence best practices need to include a thorough system security investigation. Pretty sure @Marriott wo… 
\christine- going #tbt despite tweet not being old...because now the deed is done! congrats again to @doughertym @Jateen… 
\christine- Hard evidence of why #metoo exploded: 1 sensor-lined dress worn to a party for 3 1/2 hours showed 157 gropes (that'… 
\christine- tonight for dinner I had leftover Chinese green beans, a chunk of Cambazola, a mini bagel, a bite of kid pasta, lef… 
\christine- …end of an era! thank you @robhayes for making so many things possible. 🙌 
\christine- 🤖🚀🌐🤩 #HardwareClubSummit 
\christine- Thank you @hardware_club for the invitation today! What a fantastic community you're bringing together.… 
\christine- 'Culture is not about shared values - it's people feeling like they belong.' @mddelphis #HardwareClubSummit 
\christine- Fighting the urge to let @kiwicampus sniff the back of my hand as he approaches and retreats 🤔 #hardwareclubsummit 
\christine- 'Redefine your product so you don't have to do *all* of the work before entering your market...maybe it's not the v… 
\christine- Baby's first fondant. Baller! #momlife 
\christine- tonight I talked @calista (age 8) through making fondant from scratch (her out-of-nowhere request) and crumb coats.… 
\christine- When you have eaten your way through to #Frankenpie consolidation #achievementunlocked 
\christine- Related: anecdotal research shows that patiently coaching an 8-year-old through making a homemade, latticework crus… 
\christine- The Mystery House is pleased to announce that @calista has made her first all-by-myself pie (strawberry). 👩‍👧❤ 
\christine- 🦃🙏👨‍✈️👩‍✈️💙 
\christine- PS EIGHT IS GREAT!!! 
\christine- TFW @sffdpio gets cooking for @GSNorCal 😍🎄🎁p 
\christine- Related: Removing "Mike:Christine 1:1 @ Crepevine" monthly recurrence is bittersweet...no more omelets and oatmeal! 🤣 @doughertym 
\christine- Incredibly happy for @doughertym @Jateen @x2000 and the @JelliNoise team - success well deserved! (And congrats to… 
\christine- Realizing that I own not only three box fans, but also a box of good furnace filters and duct tape. Is there a @girlscouts badge for that? 
\christine- Working in the dining room today, and I can't help thinking that @calista's wonderful 'stained glass' craft project… 
\christine- How you know your kid isn't faking sick: they fall asleep giving you a bedtime hug How you know you've got this: y… 
\christine- pro tip: if you want advice on hacking parenthood, ask a single mom. all the same work to run the home/family, all… 
\christine- best finding: existence of subgroup for single moms, which I promptly joined 💗 
\christine- also fascinating side thread bursting with all the moms who feel left out of "in tech" because they are not in soft… 
\christine- thread has now been taken over by the no-nanny moms, predominantly those who are using as more affordable option th… 
\christine- private group but net: A: I don't fit in, I can't afford nanny B: Nannies are great C: I can't afford nanny either… 
\christine- just going through home voicemail after spending election week at @websummit...horrible realization (23 messages in… 
\christine- The nanny vs no nanny discussion escalation in a large Moms in Tech group is fascinating. 
\christine- I chose to not comment on the tiny bit of waffle that made it to the plate. 🤣 
\christine- (Note: independent review has confirmed no pet haircuts, broken lamps, or lost electronics.) 
\christine- Waiting in the kitchen at 6:30AM today, unrequested and no occasion...I have ARRIVED. #momgoals 
\christine- I kept waiting for a Feisty Pet jump scare 
\christine- PS don't forget that @GirlScouts Thin Mints are vegan too...! 
\christine- 10 reasons gender diversity can make you money (and you don’t need to be a feminist to profit) 
\christine- 'People won't pay for content unless they feel good about consuming it...algorithms can't yet capture that.' @ev @medium @WebSummit 
\christine- 'The easiest way to get attention is to act out in class, not to be helpful...so in an attention economy, being dis… 
\christine- VC women FTW...thank you @SVB_Financial @M12vc @brooke @amol for creating a great evening! @trae @laura_yao… 
\christine- 'The road to space is treacherous and narrow, because the technology hasn't changed in 60 years...and new entrepre… 
\christine- 'In 60 years, only 559 people [60 of whom are women] have been to space...and it changed them profoundly. Why isn't… 
\christine- feeling very meta, as I log into my current VPN in order to sign up for a new VPN 
\christine- Another reason to love the French...tonight's champagne celebration of women in tech at @websummit! #lafrenchtech 🍾… 
\christine- So wonderful to meet @aliciatillman @KayKoplovitz in realspace today at @WebSummit! 
\christine- My honor to meet folks protecting the sea @surfsummit @websummit this week 💙 
\christine- Inclusive investor training @WebSummit...thank you @AoifeKeane for making it happen! 
\christine- Midas List Europe celebration with @Forbes @Dentons @WebSummit @alexrkonrad Victor Boyajian @deckelly - congratulat… 
\christine- Going from first bloody surf lesson (storm+reef) to hanging with the pros @AndrewCotton @Hugo_Vau @surfsummit… 
\christine- Waiting for a break in the storm @surfsummit! #WebSummit2018 
\christine- Suggestion box for @united: accept ballots for mailing at service counters! No mailboxes in EWR = finding someone g… 
\christine- Getting important work done on @united today #VOTE 
\christine- 'the concepts of public service - and running for public office - are not the same thing' @SallyQYates with @karaswisher #AllRaise 
\christine- TFW you finally wrap up a weeknight-holiday mom shift 😪 
\christine- ...ok, who was I kidding...here's to all the moms &amp; dads who are up late making costumes tonight! 🤣👩‍👧💕🎃 
\christine- Hoping this is my last key decision today, now that I have worked out the best way for @calista to wear both a witc… 
\christine- #momlife today: 1. Pack school lunch/soccer bag, check homework, school dropoff. 2. 75-min drive. 3. @startx group… 
\christine- Make sure to check out tonight's livestream on choosing a coding bootcamp! 👇 
\christine- The sea misses you @RuthDGates 😥🐚🐠🦈🧜🏼‍♀️ 
\christine- This is why we love the @warriors!! 
\christine- Left for concert in 6th inning of Series. Come home and they're still playing with 2-2 in the 16th. Whaat? 
\christine- Witj @Sting and @DiRealShaggy at the Masonic...SQUEEEEE!!! 
\christine- When you're excited for @WebSummit...less than two weeks away! 
\christine- Lesson of the day for nonprofit galas: "You want to maximize live auction proceeds? Get 'em drunk and make 'em cry." 🙌 
\christine- Good luck @AndrewGillum! If I still lived at home you'd have my #vote! ☀️ 🏴󠁵󠁳󠁦󠁬󠁿 
\christine- Time for the lion to realize that she's a part of a freaking *PRIDE OF LIONS* majority and shouldn't let a shriekin… 
\christine- '@twitch is appointment viewing because of its live community discussion...it's completely unlike any other streami… 
\christine- 'VR is a special use case...t's a solitary experience, but it can also allow you to connect with people in deep way… 
\christine- "@GitHub isn't about how much did people consume, or how long could you keep people scrolling through a feed...it's… 
\christine- 'No matter what category, the Valley moves fast and breaks things. We're not good at thinking about the long-term r… 
\christine- "If you don't know the end state, then you're probably early in the journey" @levie @theinformation #subscribersummit 
\christine- [Thinking how much better that tweet could be with @YiyingLu @unicode powering up @girlscouts emojis] 😇 
\christine- In case any @girlscouts moms were wondering, this is what starting a troop with 28 girls (24 shiny new, 4 bridging)… 
\christine- Art both reminds to be human, and connects us....thank you @YiyingLu! 🥟 
\christine- 🤔👇 
\christine- 'The chance to build a market leader is when no one else thinks it's the next big thing...I get excited by smart pe… 
\christine- Say what you will, #floridaman gets 'er done 
\christine- Feeling sorry for the solo @bayclubs lifeguard who is tasked with watching 73 children across four pools on a sunny… 
\christine- 👇😢 
\christine- Thrilled for the final premiere of @LinesBallet's 35th anniversary season! Thank you @LondonBreed for coming out to… 
\christine- TFW when you take over a @girlscouts troop, go from 4 to 28 members in a week, and realize what a difference you ar… 
\christine- Props to the San Francisco @DMVWeb for awesome service today! Walked in at 10AM for a 10AM vehicle registration app… 
\christine- 'many GPs are working against their economic interests...they are thinking like agents instead of principals on div… 
\christine- he's consistent: '@Beezer232 is my favorite person in the business' @cdouvos #premoney2018 
\christine- Can't be at #premoney2018 today? Kindly @500Startups has a livestream for you 👇 
\christine- 'the role of the VC is not to be the company's cheerleader...you're there to provide support and governance, and if… 
\christine- trying not to have an aneurysm because @JoshConstine just asked a panel of VCs about how they practice empathy… 
\christine- 'it's a category mistake to think that just because there's a lot of noise, there isn't also a lot of signal' @km… 
\christine- 'we're seeing a trend towards leaner VC partnerships, as vs large service organizations with HR, engineering suppor… 
\christine- "when we add a new partner to the @uncorkcap network, we look for people with different networks...that's how we op… 
\christine- AKA 'how do companies continue to innovate, once they mature past a startup risk profile?' 
\christine- Amazing lineup at tomorrow's @500startups PreMoney Investor Conference—the biggest event on the future of VCl!… 
\christine- Sometimes, resilience is sticking it out through challenges. Sometimes, resilience is leaving unhealthy situations.… 
\christine- And that's coming from a Southern girl who had it beaten into her (literally) that one never discussed religion, po… 
\christine- I am so furious, I want to scream and burn it all down. 
\christine- Fascinating 35-year @linesballet set and experience design retrospective with Robert Rosenwasser, LINES cofounder (… 
\christine- "We value diversity not only onstage, but also in the artists we collaborate with and the style of our work." @murielmaffre @LinesBallet 
\christine- Not fun: explaining the #KavanaughHearings to your grade school daughter playing with LOL dolls, trying to not soun… 
\christine- 👏👏👏 
\christine- "Inside face vs outside face" If you know it, you recognize it. 😢 
\christine- Oh and life insurance too, no way insurers pay for a breadwinner being taken out, absent heavy purge regulation 
\christine- Just watched #thepurge and the whole time I worried that the family's property damage would fall under an insurance… 
\christine- Stoked to talk innovation at @500Startups' #premoney2018 next week! (Join me and save 35% on tix with promo code 'H… 
\christine- The 'passenger economy' begins, on the backs of @JelliNoise @iHeartMedia @Foursquare 
\christine- Apply here! 
\christine- BWAHAHAHAHAHA please tell me you sent them 100 article links 
\christine- What to do with the cocoa krispies no one eats (bundled in @Costco value pack) upon realizing you also have a 5 pou… 
\christine- So it turns out that @kcmaas @Yankees is the biggest @LukeBryanOnline fan ever 🤩 @iHeartFestival 
\christine- 😍 @jtimberlake with @ShawnMendes at @iHeartFestival! 
\christine- Celebrating 10 years with @JelliNoise @doughertym @Jateen at @iHeartFestival! 
\christine- Let's go @iHeartFestival! 
\christine- of course they did! 🤣😍 
\christine- 👇👇👇 
\christine- TFW you knock a chunk out of your front tooth on a steel water bottle, score a last minute dentist appt (waiting un… 
\christine- Wow 🤔 
\christine- Thanks @FLGovScott for backing up Puerto Rico on this one 
\christine- Super enlightening take on crypto from @bhorowitz 
\christine- Congrats @NimaSensor!! Fantastic to see this product come to market. 
\christine- Mayor @EricGarcetti and @brentbushnell @egradman, literally breaking down walls for girls' STEM at @TwoBitCircus! 
\christine- PS MIAMI MIAMI MIAMI 
\christine- Congrats @mbrianaepler @waynesutton @Backstage_Cap on a great match, for great impact 
\christine- TFW you pull off a #CookieBot out of hula hoops, ducting, a bike light, 20 gauge wire, a sawed-off paint roller, ex… 
\christine- Related: I may have made a #UnicornBot bike for @calista's first burn 
\christine- Doing my vinegary best to remove playa from @calista's finest sparkly things...the @TwoBitCircus grand opening is t… 
\christine- Amazing opportunity! @Bullpencap is hiring a new analyst for Fund IV: 
\christine- (Diet Mountain Dew that is...no sugar = not sticky.) 
\christine- Haven't even gotten to the playa yet, and I'm already washing my hands by the side of the road with Mountain Dew be… 
\christine- PS Don't forget the pink hula hoops (aka cookiebot skeleton) 
\christine- Past 24 hrs, learned: -rel between voltage/aH/watts -battery materials pros/cons -how to run parallel -ebike shops… 
\christine- Oh, #floridaman! &gt;&gt; Florida security guard documents farts online for 6 months, gets fired immediately… 
\christine- Saber-rattling with Hugh Davies @Schramsberg - and waiting for @kcmaas to take a swing at it ⚾️🤔🍾 
\christine- TFW you shut down the app with a hung background process pushing your laptop fan into piercing overdrive...on the first guess. 
\christine- PSA: @Schramsberg wine club for bubbles and the best. cab. ever. @charleskrugwine for reds and the best. port. ever. 
\christine- In my happy place! Winemaker dinner with Hugh Davies of @Schramsberg at @LeColonialSF 
\christine- Also, how awesome it is to commit to something that you don't know how to do, could probably learn, don't need to m… 
\christine- Going back to the playa after many years' hiatus is reminding me how much I miss making things (other than @calista that is) 
\christine- TFW you get hungry for a bedtime snack five minutes after brushing your teeth, and the teeth lose 
\christine- since no CS calls go through (!) - @shiftpods, please help! we received our new Shiftpod2 about a month ago. 1. We… 
\christine- Reading that article, I am beyond glad that someone gave me a @babycook* as a shower gift, and that I used it for… 
\christine- Pro tip: Buy a @BEABA_UK or similar (steamer+food processor,) and leave it where you prep your own meals. Throw you… 
\christine- Note: Organics don't make you safe. Just as likely to be contaminated as non-organic baby foods. 
\christine- Horrifying: 68% of tested baby foods (especially rice products and snacks) have dangerous levels of heavy metals. M… 
\christine- YES! 
\christine- Fascinating, real-time study on the challenges of franchise relationships 
\christine- So @getaround please repair all three (or possibly four after today?) renters' body damages this past month concurr… 
\christine- Apparently I must repeat PSA: ***IF YOU CANNOT DRIVE A STICK SHIFT, PLEASE DO NOT RENT ONE.*** 
\christine- Unless of course today's renter also caused body damge...then that would be five claims to report in 8 weeks. Is th… 
\christine- WORST. EXPERIENCE. EVER. Just got a call from @Getaround, apparently today's renter has broken the transmission and… 
\christine- This one I received a @Getaround response to...hoping it results in corrective action soon (and that they have duti… 
\christine- Still no response from @Getaround on this, after three weeks. Unacceptable. 
\christine- Still no response from @Getaround on this, after almost a month. Unacceptable. 
\christine- Welcoming immigrants and refugees is *exactly* the America that we know and love. The Pilgrims came here on a boat… 
\christine- Space tech, data, AI, robotics, drone companies - take a look! 'Preferred: Air/spacecraft design, advanced/structur… 
\christine- YES THIS 
\christine- (Note: There had been at least half a car length of room between vehicles. I love my @MINI too much to jam it into a spot.) 
\christine- PSA: ***IF YOU CANNOT DRIVE A STICK SHIFT, PLEASE DO NOT RENT ONE.*** 
\christine- I asked him if he was still taking out car. He nervously responded that he would not, as he was not ready to drive stick. 
\christine- He got out and asked if I could back up for him. Keys were still in storage, so wondering if he was numnuts enough… 
\christine- I came home to this, guy was STILL IN DRIVER'S SEAT and for inexplicable reason was keeping the weight of my car pr… 
\christine- #1569050 @getaround claim - renter plowed directly into the car parked in front of mine while picking up car, crack… 
\christine- #1532258 @getaround claim - 5" scrape on passenger mirror, scrapes on rear bumper 
\christine- #1515345 @getaround claim - 5" dent (no creases, at least) in rear hatch 
\christine- hey @Getaround - in the 2 mos you've had my car, I've had three claims for renter damage (oldest 3 weeks ago, and t… 
\christine- #ecoglitterwarrior 🤣🤣🤣 
\christine- So @Uber will add this in certain cities when? 
\christine- At a minimum, @andrewcuomo is Santa Claus or @MariaTVullo is America's fairy godmother 
\christine- WTF, over? 
\christine- Please support the Black Rock Explorers! Kids practice mindful observation, creative action, and shared responsibil… 
\christine- We are lucky to have all of you, @MayaMatthews9! 
\christine- WOW &gt; New Land O'Lakes CEO Beth Ford just became the first openly gay woman to lead a Fortune 500 company — take a… 
\christine- "When @hunterpence has a long day he goes home to relax on his @hellokitty bed." &gt; @calista 🤣 @SFGiants #ATTPark 
\christine- Love for @SFGiants fans at #ATTPark - deep extension to foul ball nets (and sunscreen from Janine, awesome sec 117… 
\christine- Hello Kitty Day with @calista at @ATTPark...go @SFGiants! #ATTPark 
\christine- Oh, #FloridaMan. I do miss y'all sometimes. 
\christine- Make sure that your voter registration is still valid! Lots of de-registering going on. (And if you're not register… 
\christine- Congrats @AstroPrint3D on joining the @StanleyBlkDeckr @Techstars Manufacturing Accelerator! #500strong 
\christine- Storm and Rogue still safe in my heart, however 😍 (cc @urbanbarbarian) 
\christine- &lt;she says, given said badassery is equally applicable to both @Nnedi and #doramilaje&gt; 
\christine- YASSSS to badass women! 
\christine- At @ycombinator, it's all about the network...thank you Jon Levy and @KatManalac for sharing your stories today to… 
\christine- News flash: Charging for lunch will not push corporate workers into local eateries. Ex: employees pay for lunch at… 
\christine- Where is this issue in the context of fair/equal access? Policymaker attention yet? eg how long will companies be p… 
\christine- Good leads @abdurQ @zorbageek @andreamv @6gems Another Q: How many/what product testing labs (either for product de… 
\christine- eg who is enabling products and services that will just work...soap dispensers, AI, or otherwise! 
\christine- Have been seeking (and not finding) companies making dark-skin friendly sensors, optical recognition, AI algorithms… 
\christine- Go @TwoBitCircus @brentbushnell @egradman @KimSchaeferWolf! We can hardly wait! 
\christine- TFW white #FloridaMan harasses a black woman and 5-year-old for being improperly parked, shoots dead (in front of t… 
\christine- Unstoppable friend invites to iOS apps on my Android phone are like indefatigable evangelicals knocking on doors ev… 
\christine- Go Florida startups!! YES! 
\christine- At least THAT catastrophe got three shrieking 8-year-old girls interested in learning about valves and operations a… 
\christine- Having also now learned what happens when you open the cold water valve to finish flushing out an emptied tank, wit… 
\christine- Feeling #singlemom baller for learning about draft hoods, dripping vents, negative air pressure, and pressure relie… 
\christine- As a college cheer captain and high school squad member, I never saw any team behave differently. 3 people up in a… 
\christine- And cheerleaders kneel for hurt players from *either* team because it's not about taking sides in that moment. It's… 
\christine- You take a knee so that everyone can pay attention where it's needed and focus their prayers. Because something mor… 
\christine- What do high school and college cheerleaders do when a player is hurt? Take a knee out of respect until the player… 
\christine- Fascinating thread for those who love the Manhattan street grid. Also, need to add #triangleofspite to my analyti… 
\christine- 💙💚💛🧡💜 
\christine- [As she wonders: how often one is supposed to check in on an 8 year old's overnight backyard campout?] 🤔 
\christine- Girls love @shiftpods and #cheesybites! (Did someone say clubhouse?) 👭👭⛺🍕 
\christine- Thank you Randy Komisar for being so generous with your Q&amp;A time (and book autographs!) for our VC interns last nig… 
\christine- Quirky amazing at @bullpencap: 'We work with people who need to be right. They'll take a bayonet to prove it...a ch… 
\christine- "If you have diversity issues, you're being lazy. Get out there and interview students from schools besides Stanfor… 
\christine- "If your plan is right before you start, you're lucky, not smart - because you don't have enough data to be smart."… 
\christine- Thank you Paul for taking the time to shock our VC interns with contrarian views today! 🤣 @ahpah @bullpencap… 
\christine- "School exams are terrible training for entrepreneurship...founders have to see if they were right or wrong through… 
\christine- Thank you @jamesjoaquin for inspiring the next generation of #worldpositive investors today (and thank you… 
\christine- 'Every problem in your community is an opportunity to create a for-profit solution.' @jamesjoaquin @obvious 
\christine- Speed walking through SOMA to get to @jamesjoaquin and learn about @obviousvc and #worldpositive investing 
\christine- TFW you find someone who loves to teach...thank you Nikhil for spending time with the VC intern crew today! @nbt… 
\christine- VC intern takeover of South Park has begun! Heading to @CaffeCentroinSP and @bluebottleroast to get caffeinated fo… 
\christine- Machine learning and deal decisions &gt; Google's Venture Capital "Machine" 
\christine- Excited for tomorrow's 'VC field trip' with the amazing @intelcapital and @bullpencap 2018 Intern Cohorts! Thank yo… 
\christine- Congrats @conniechan and @a16z! 
\christine- I'm @Billbrowder. Here's the Biggest Mistake Putin Made When Trying to Get Access to Me Through Trump 
\christine- Inside the Decade-Long Russian Campaign to Infiltrate the NRA and Help Elect Trump via @RollingStone 
\christine- THIS THIS THIS if you have forearm strain. I just tried it and it was magical: Self massage of hands and forearms u… 
\christine- Founder mom? Apply to this Female Founders Alliance Seattle accelerator program with not only fantastic investor ac… 
\christine- 🤣😫😱 
\christine- Many lovely Bernal neighbors knock on doors (as we do) of anyone that forgets street cleaning, to remind them to sc… 
\christine- Or are 8 year old girls doing chores in broad daylight overly threatening? Am I missing something? 
\christine- There was a school aged child bouncing in/out of a house with open door, the car had doors ajar, there were windex… 
\christine- to the Bernal resident who had @SFPD @sfmta_muni stick a $110 driveway parking ticket on my car 10 minutes ago, as… 
\christine- "Auditioning is like putting your nervous system on the outside of your body, and then dancing for someone else's a… 
\christine- Looking forward to @LondonBreed in this club! 
\christine- (Officially adding @AjaLBrown to my Woman Crush list.) 
\christine- "It is really difficult to ignore a problem once you've quantified it" @KathrynFinney @TheWrap #powerwomen2018 
\christine- "Our goverment is putting children in cages. In Oakland, we're putting children in college." Oakland Mayor… 
\christine- "Mayors are the architects of tomorrow. We have to help people surviving day-to-day to think about their hopes for… 
\christine- Compton Mayor @AjaLBrown: "Local politics aren't driven by party - mayors don't have the luxury of partisan politi… 
\christine- "I'd often felt discrimination as a woman, but it was nothing compared to discrimination as a mother." Oakland Mayo… 
\christine- Congrats to @PatriceHarrisMD (children's health advocate and opioid addiction specialist) on being named President… 
\christine- But her emails. 
\christine- But her emails. 
\christine- #PlaneBae? 
\christine- ❤👇 
\christine- Permit Patty's sister lives in Oregon. 
\christine- Also, realizing that you never took a picture of your long-snouted dog with his head buried eyeballs-deep inside a… 
\christine- Random thing that makes you sad: the first time you get to the bottom of a jar of @Jif after your dog dies, and you… 
\christine- 😔 
\christine- 😔 
\christine- I must drive the @amazon algorithm crazy. My featured recommendations are a gymnastics chalk ball, Blade Runner on… 
\christine- 'VC firms that increased their female partner hires by 10% saw a 1.5% spike in overall fund returns each year and h… 
\christine- 'The effect of shared investment partner ethnicity reduces an investment’s comparative success rate by 26.4% to 32.… 
\christine- 'Diversity significantly improves financial performance on measures such as profitable investments at the individua… 
\christine- 'Differences in decision quality/performance came as investors helped strategy/recruitment &amp; other critical growth… 
\christine- for those who need more data on #diversity returns, here's a mic drop from @harvardbiz 
\christine- Thank you again @brady! 💙 
\christine- from the 'breathlessly stating the obvious' section of the paper 
\christine- Great #diversity and @inclusion opportunity with one of my favorite teams: 'Make a Dent in Tech D&amp;I Across Texas at… 
\christine- can we agree that the only feasible explanation for #45 is that he is the secret head of Hydra? (ref. Robert Redfor… 
\christine- Lazyweb/@EFF/@ACLU - who is working on a #Tor for mobile radio connections? (any type - voice, data, bluetooth, etc) 
\christine- Crying outside my office and waiting for it to stop before I go in. 
\christine- TFW an industry peer that you meet over dinner uses age as a professional pejorative (in lieu of 'set in their ways'), and it's your age. 
\christine- Post-serving cross cut reveals outcome of our attempt to reproduce the watermelon-colored striping of @intel quantu… 
\christine- PS if you want to bake a quantum computer too, here's the thread on how @calista and I made it 😆 
\christine- Happy 50th Birthday @Intel! Here's to the next 50! 
\christine- We did it! One "quantum rainbow chip" cake. 👩🏼‍🍳💻🎂🏆 Happy Birthday @Intel! #tanglelake #intel50 #thenext50 
\christine- Though @Calista was unimpressed by heads/tails coin toss analogy for #quantumcomputing, she liked the idea of Grove… 
\christine- Radios are in! (@calista going to be mad that I rolled these and painted with gold Sunflower Sugar Art dust while s… 
\christine- Quantum bakery getting real (AKA the fondant and geometric cookie cutters from @amazon arrived after lunch.)… 
\christine- &lt;wondering if @intel and @BettyCrocker have ever been co-tagged, she searches and confirms that in fact there IS (!… 
\christine- Pro tip: rotate oven shelf by 180 so that the back stop is in the front, if the oven door won't close on your giant new cake pan 🤣 
\christine- Yeoman attempt to render the watermelon striping of an @intel #qubit processor, via @BettyCrocker #rainbowchip mix… 
\christine- following a #tanglelake cake recipe be like 👇 #wegotthis #noreally 
\christine- Teaching @calista about #quantumcomputing by baking a 49 #qubit rainbow "chip" cake this weekend #PBL #tanglelake… 
\christine- Why you can't stop complaining, even when you're sick of hearing yourself 👉 "Because "going numb” is the gateway dr… 
\christine- If you want to know the whole story: @billbrowder's Red Notice: A True Story of High Finance, Murder, and One Man's… 
\christine- Honored to meet @BillBrowder and hear not only his amazing story tonight, but also how honoring #sergeimagnitsky's… 
\christine- It being entirely possible that I finally gave in and took @calista to a @TiffanyAndCo-like @American_Girl $tore last week. 
\christine- "Curlfriends!" ❤ (@RootsDolls smoothly filling a 'truly me' @American_Girl gap.) 
\christine- let us all bow down to @bibliophileq! (my grandma had the MEANEST goose) 🤣 #cobrachicken 
\christine- Laugh of the day... 
\christine- Related: Still hoping @Publix will make things right. 
\christine- .@adamputnam is giving #floridaman a bad name. A REAL Florida Man only does dumb shit that puts *himself* at insane… 
\christine- This thread 👇🤣🤔😠 
\christine- Day 222 and my @AeroGarden petunia pods show no signs of being done. Is that normal? (More to the point, when will… 
\christine- ❤🌉🏀 
\christine- Well-deserved recognition for @ADiracles Melissa Leandra @Ltropf @TheTropf and teams - thank you @IESResearch @sbirgov! #edtech 
\christine- Congrats to @vidcode and @ImmersedGames, winners of the 2018 Innovation Awards from @SBIRgov @USEdgov @IESResearch… 
\christine- 'knowing that you have a catalog of the world’s knowledge at your fingertips via your smartphone makes it difficult… 
\christine- Being a "super commuter" is not as much fun as it sounds. 🤔 
\christine- "We're proud to announce that Lyft is the first ridesharing company to be completely carbon neutral...we offset the… 
\christine- "And that’s why the firm’s S-1 dropped with the dull thud of a steak onto wet cement." @awilhelm @crunchbase - Unp… 
\christine- Regardless (ahem), this was a sweet marketing activation, and I would much rather earn swag from social media shari… 
\christine- Also, feeling proud of myself for simply saying 'yes' the multiple times that the agency rep looked me up and down… 
\christine- 'I don't know what the answer to gun violence is. I'm just a student trying to make the world better.'… 
\christine- 'We didn't take the site down to create drama...we took it down because we were technically incapable of paying for… 
\christine- Combining swag with social innovation (my leading use of tech for change being @twitter, or course) #SIS18… 
\christine- why @thenorthface partnered with @girlscouts: 'the next generation of North Face athletes isn't just a white man on… 
\christine- 'A target is a dream with a date...don't let people tell you that social responsibility and profitability don't go… 
\christine- "The research on rewards is pretty powerful, and it suggests that the more we reward behavior, the less desirable t… 
\christine- Thrilled to toast the debut of @DietCoke at @attpark!! Thank you @SFGiants @CharlesSchwab @kcmaas 😍 
\christine- Thank you @dunn...and if you'd like to help the organizer find female attendees, feel free to DM. Happy to help you… 
\christine- Thank you @nvca for your efforts on #diversity! 
\christine- (tl;dl) when it's your pocketbook, how you'll invest is your decision - so look in the mirror every so often, and m… 
\christine- Why there's no excuse for family offices and corporate investors to lack diversity mandates (via @mollywood… 
\christine- Or worse, being called a "fucking bitch" because she told the kid that 'he shouldn't shove people and he should apo… 
\christine- Looking back, I think I made it all the way to fifth grade before being called a bitch for the first time. Easier t… 
\christine- And as @calista's dad noted: 'it was used in context specifically because of a person's race/gender/orientation to… 
\christine- Rudeness is not opening the door for someone...not kicking off every woman's self-conscious life journey of worryin… 
\christine- his dad apologized for the kid's "knuckleheaded rudeness," but that seems inadequate. 
\christine- trying to remember what it felt like the first time I was called a bitch, so that I can be a good mom for my second… 
\christine- This is an astonishing act, that you can't believe is happening outside of the movies. 
\christine- Welcome Amir Faintuch to @intelcapital! 
\christine- AKA: please don't be an ignoramous and go around saying 'Happy Memorial Day' to folks who see nothing happy about it. 😔 
\christine- Gentle reminder: #MemorialDay is a day to remember, honor, and be inspired by those who lost lives in service - so… 
\christine- TFW you can see a friend get married and make the @warriors playoffs, all in one day! @kcmaas 
\christine- I just CAN'T. #WhereAreTheChildren 
\christine- I can't imagine this horror. 
\christine- Positing that Miss @JanetJackson should be considered foundational technology for all adult women &gt;35. 
\christine- Adding 'alexa butt dial' to the list of things I used to not worry about 👇 
\christine- color me impressed by @away customer service. refreshing to see a corporate response that puts customers first, as… 
\christine- great news, early-adopting @away travelers! free pop-out batteries for gen 1 bags have arrived - get yours here to… 
\christine- Congratulations @wenbrooks! 
\christine- This @Supergoop sunscreen is banned in Hawaii (and other places soon) because octinoxate kills coral reefs - could… 
\christine- This @hint sunscreen is banned in Hawaii (and other places soon) because octinoxate kills coral reefs - could you r… 
\christine- Better than my Facebook Live video 👇 
\christine- It's the seriously badass @sgrahamjohnston from @128technology! 
\christine- Excellent teaching reminder for parents of boys 👇 
\christine- C: 'Mama, when is @Pink going to start?' [1 hour past showtime] Me: 'She's a superstar, she will start whenever she… 
\christine- Off to @calista's first concert...with pink hair and sparkly pink sequined skirt for @Pink, of course! 💖 
\christine- TFW you confirm that your @amazon customer service agent is not a bot 🤣 
\christine- Great role for someone looking to enter VC! Love the @mavenvc team. 
\christine- When your mom asks you to tweet: Our family has been @Publix customers for 70 years, now disappointed/angry to see… 
\christine- What the innocence of 332 girls is worth: @MichiganStateU's $500M for Nassar Victims Dwarfs Other Settlements 
\christine- Yes please! 👇 
\christine- Budding #floridaman (all-boys' high school prom committee) 
\christine- Well worth 'discovering!' @MoniqueWoodard @blogdiva @steministbarb @pamnonga @rozhudnell @shadirahimi @digitalsista… 
\christine- 👇👇👇👇👇 
\christine- My stepchildren (whom I have been lucky to have in my life for 16 years) already have a mom, and until *they* say o… 
\christine- 'I believe that Detroit is going to be the future of America. Detroit is how we prove that this country can come ba… 
\christine- 'How could this get better? @intelcapital has done a great job hiring black and brown into the organization. I'd li… 
\christine- '@IntelCapital is about putting diverse, interesting people together to see what happens...it's invigorating to wat… 
\christine- 'It's not common to be a black male athlete in a venture world...it's an honor to come here and be in a place where… 
\christine- 'we've partnered with @TwoBitCircus to distribute our @NFL content...location-based entertainment is the only way f… 
\christine- in case you wondered what your Saturday nights will look like in a few years: @TwoBitCircus @brentbushnell @Nasdaq… 
\christine- '#VR has more capital than eyeballs...all of the eyeballs are on #eSports' @hollyhliu #icapsummit 
\christine- 'the @NFL became popular because it embraced television...we're now partnering with @intel to equip stadiums with v… 
\christine- When moderator @assiagrazioli reminds @hollyhliu to mention that she cofounded a unicorn exit during panel intros 🦄… 
\christine- 'It's not enough to spit out probable answers. You need an #AI system to know what it dorsn't know, and seek out th… 
\christine- 'Our senses are informed by anticipation...we all know that when an object goes behind a tree, it's still there. Th… 
\christine- the misfits in the back of the room @brentbushnell @christine @iraehrenpreis welcome @chiarasommer to @intelcapital… 
\christine- 'Air autonomy is much easier than street-level autonomy...there are no bicyclists, or kids running into the road. F… 
\christine- 'there's a big gap between how fast technology moves, and how fast authorities can digest it...if municipalities wa… 
\christine- 'We have three choices to solve urban mobility: make the roads wider, go underground, or take to the air. I'm going… 
\christine- 'watch out for computer vision, because computers are watching out for you' @Reza_Zadeh @matroid #AI #icapsummit… 
\christine- 'symbolic research hasn't yet proven itself in the field...and combining neural networks isn't going to get us to a… 
\christine- 'get rid of #AI hype terms like machine learning....get into the underlying math' @Reza_Zadeh @matroid #icapsummit 
\christine- 'our big opportunity is to rethink entire business processes with #AI in mind...across information gathering, decis… 
\christine- 'the biggest computational problem in the world today is that there's too much damn data...#AI is a way to condense… 
\christine- #icapsummit 
\christine- '@GM has more than 14 million connected vehicles on the road today...and we'll have 20 all-electric models on the r… 
\christine- 'Building a new applied science is not done easily or lightly...one of the great privileges of my life is that I ge… 
\christine- 'Being run by a woman does not turn a company into an impact investment. But building a culture that respects diver… 
\christine- During this fabulous lecture on #AutonomousVehicles from @amnonshashua, I can't stop thinking that @mobileye has bu… 
\christine- 'The common wisdom is that during R&amp;D, give me unlimited computing power, then in production put [#AI] into better… 
\christine- 'Don't try to solve a harder problem as an intermediate step...predicting what other drivers will do is much harder… 
\christine- Hey parents, don't forget that today is #TeacherApprecationDay! Honor those who spend significant hours influencing… 
\christine- We have a @volocopter!!! @christine @IraEhrenpreis Florian Reuter @TracyIsacke @intelcapital #ICAPSummit… 
\christine- "For things to change, we need male voices to say 'that makes me uncomfortable,' too." @CherieBlairFndn #icapsummit 
\christine- 'Without the systematic inclusion of women, the economic system will exclude them.' &gt; @LizBroderick @malechampions #icapsummit 
\christine- 'We go to where opportunities are...60% of the companies in DBL Partners' new fund are women-led' &gt; @IraEhrenpreis #icapsummit 
\christine- 'End-to-end solutions don't need to be all one company, but they do need to be engineered together.' @bkrunner… 
\christine- Starting the corporate VC collabfest early on the @intelcapital nerd bird to Palm Desert @dHealthInno @Bayer… 
\christine- TFW you're about to skip a shower so you won't be late for work, then realize that isn't an option when you go to c… 
\christine- How to assure that you can watch #InfinityWar without your seatmate asking questions (AKA here is their @avengers h… 
\christine- Love is @kcmaas making me a welcome-home snack and letting me change the channel from @MLBNetwork to something more… 
\christine- Coming home from #collisionconf to a home with no dog is a slap in the face from grief 💔 
\christine- When all the @NFL techies want to say hi to @ametre #collisionconf 
\christine- Corporate venturing with @intelcapital @gcventuring @Toyota_AI_VC at #collisionconf! 
\christine- Getting to see the phenomenal @JillFord313 in person! #makingcompaniesinvestible #collisionconf 
\christine- I'm looking forward to @SophiaBush @wyclef @jennylefcourt @GaryMarcus @JRosenworcel @joulee (and @paddycosgrave of… 
\christine- Doing enterprise right in NOLA with @NorwestVP! Well done @sjacobsohn @sbeechuk @CollisionHQ 
\christine- .@VanLathan is on laser point on @kanyewest 
\christine- Thank you @sfspca for bringing me @coledog, and thanks @CanidaePetFood for his insanely long life with us. (Before/… 
\christine- Grieving for @coledog 
\christine- Awesome sound @stagecoach today - thanks for the fixes!!! 
\christine- Dear @Stagecoach, please raise (fix?) the speaker in front of Corral A. We can't hear tonight and the whole section… 
\christine- 👇 
\christine- 'Startups are more of a drug, than an asset class' @sarahkunst #venturecrushsf 
\christine- 'I've successfully called 7 of the last 3 recessions' @cdouvos #venturecrushsf 
\christine- OH at coffee shop, one (male) VC service provider to another: 'we've set up a Napa day for micro VCs and their wive… 
\christine- Congratulations @steministbarb for this well-deserved recognition! 
\christine- Love is not eating all of your brisket so that you can take some home for your mom 
\christine- TFW you are at a @JelliNoise meeting and discover the team breaking for @goldbely @SaltLickBBQ #winning… 
\christine- 5:30PM: when @UrbanPutt officially crosses over from after-school kids to after-work hipsters 
\christine- long-awaited bipartisan success: 'on Wednesday, senators voted unanimously that both male and female senators will… 
\christine- Happy news of the day: 2,000 new trees in San Francisco (and a plan for reaching carbon neutral) via @SFGate 
\christine- Congrats @franmaier and @Babierge team! 
\christine- Absolutely not what I said @Samsung 🤔 cc @instructables 
\christine- #dailylesson 
\christine- delighted to note that @CollisionHQ has a 'Center Stage' and @WebSummit has a 'Centre Stage' 
\christine- 👇🇺🇸😢 
\christine- How do we motivate co's to change? &gt; "HR has never been “your friend.” Rather, it is an important component of a co… 
\christine- 'success in wellness requires a holy triangle of exercise, diet, and guilt' &gt; OH @bullpencap 
\christine- Great to see that hall filled with tech women! Kudos @SFDenyse @SVForum 
\christine- as @datamama says, "architecture is easy, you're just moving boxes around to solve a puzzle" 
\christine- Happy @GSNorCal Pride Day! Of course we made a @girlscouts mom shirt last night to wear onstage at #SVFWIT18 today.… 
\christine- #readoutloudinclass #notevenmothersday #mommysgirl 
\christine- .@noUpside is the hero that we deserve 
\christine- at @starbucks between meetings, and two women (so far) have politely interrupted work for 'WHERE' I got my bag...li… 
\christine- I'd like to offer heartfelt thanks to my online village of paranoid friends and colleagues (or who did not make tim… 
\christine- When I see an AI app, my first thought: is the use of relentless parallel attention creating value? and if so, what… 
\christine- YES!!! (While we're at it, what else does it mean to be an #alexamom or #alexadad...?) 
\christine- so @michaeljredding wants @ShalKCollins @HowieDelicious @christine @lo_toney to be provocative at #SVFWIT18...we'll do our best. 😈 @SVForum 
\christine- Gala! Celebrating the joy of @LinesBallet @ZakirHtabla with @tolles @waynesutton @christine Gabrielle Hull @kcmaas… 
\christine- I feel you @disney (everyone else, enjoy before it disappears...!) 
\christine- Why I invest in 'observation without judgement' 
\christine- It's finally here...@LinesBallet 35th Anniversary Gala! Proud to be gala co-chair for this amazing organization. 💖 
\christine- Required reading for @gmail users - I receive this scam all.the.time.👇 
\christine- Sending an overdue shoutout to @HingeApp - three years with @kcmaas and counting! Well played... 💖😄 
\christine- 'The country would be outraged if a team’s rules stated that if a black player was eating at a restaurant and a whi… 
\christine- check here to see if #Sinclair owns any stations in your local area (and if so, know that their broadcast comes dir… 
\christine- I'm testing a workshop-style session on how to be a more inclusive investor - if you're a traditional/institutional… 
\christine- happy to support the great team @movableink! congrats @vivsharma @michaeln3 on all your hard work getting results… 
\christine- 'it is the small things, everyday deeds, that keep the darkness at bay...small acts of kindness, and love' #Gandalf… 
\christine- Belated thanks to @ripple team for such a thoughtful and generous gift, to both teachers and students 
\christine- Looking at you @brentbushnell 
\christine- I may have failed to tell @kcmaas that tonight's @warriors game has an amazing postgame #WomensHistoryMonth lineup… 
\christine- TFW you are the best girlfriend ever @kcmaas @warriors #anniversarypresentftw 
\christine- 🤣🤣🤣 cc @datamama 
\christine- Congrats @mcgd! More teams will be lucky to have you. 
\christine- Purpose that resonates: 'I'm not just looking for investments, I'm looking for companies I can make investible.'… 
\christine- Can't help #fangirling @SenDuckworth 👇 
\christine- support from the pope for #MarchForOurLives 
\christine- Pack rats everywhere are feeling vindicated...well done @jesslivingston! 
\christine- This thread 👇 
\christine- Here's a solid event from @patriotbootcamp - a great source of diverse entrepreneurs if you're looking to diversify… 
\christine- It's time to own our collective network bias (and take steps to correct it) 
\christine- I just published “No One Said It (Diversity) Would Be Easy” 
\christine- Just in time for #FoundersForChange - a cheat sheet for VCs thinking about diversity 
\christine- :| 
\christine- BOOM! Worlds colliding: @500Startups + @CityofMiami FTW 
\christine- Wow - this needs to get more notice: all #HarveyWeinstein NDAs being terminated. 
\christine- Great to see @hollyhliu as visiting partner at #ycdemoday! Congrats @ycombinator on snaring a lady founder with a unicorn *exit* 😎🦄 
\christine- TFW when I learn about an awesome mini-geek program (@GirlsMakeGames), excitedly check it out for @calista, then ge… 
\christine- Looking forward to two days of sisterhood geekery, and seeing @JuliaHuCEO @angieidunno @ytechdata @MegantheVC… 
\christine- ¡Oriunda de Miami y orgullosa! ROFL #floridaman 
\christine- Go @lo_toney! 
\christine- PSA: the mini was punched up on the sidewalk and forward about 8 feet, into the back of a @Honda CRV...which had NO… 
\christine- Calling out what we need from the grocery store just got better! 
\christine- Wishing I had recorded a couple minutes later, to have captured the satisfying SHHTHWACKUNK sound made by the tow c… 
\christine- Well this is fun 
\christine- My second thought, just now: It's been an hour, when will @SFPD show up so I can get this running rustbucket towed… 
\christine- My first thought: I was actually getting a full night sleep tonight (instead of the 3-5 hours I had all week) and n… 
\christine- So...anyone know who just left me the lovely gift of a rusty, running car speared into my mini? 
\christine- *I'm* making a special shout out to @TwoBitCircus cofounders @brentbushnell and @egradman - two guys who saw nothin… 
\christine- Congrats @NoraPoggi &amp; Insiyah! Excited to see @shestartedit on @fusetv tonight, &amp; hoping that budding entrepreneur… 
\christine- imma just gonna leave this here 
\christine- 👏👏👏👊 
\christine- Thank you @WebSummit! #IWD2018 
\christine- Thank you @wslab for having me in to speak. What a great group of founders! 
\christine- Thank you @amywilkinson for inviting me to join your lecture at @StanfordGSB! #achievementunlocked 
\christine- PS thank you @SRFtweets for treating the @startx team, and supporting @girlscouts! 💚 
\christine- Ready for stress eating...well done @calista for supporting @startx summer session interviews today! 🤣 
\christine- "If you're building in a category with massive past failures, you need be crisp about what you're doing differently… 
\christine- BRAVO! “If the kids in Parkland are being brave enough to stand up and do this, we can be brave enough to stand up… 
\christine- I just published “OCD Mom Girl Scout Cookie Tracker” 
\christine- Words fail the awesomeness of @jeffmacke's no-pretty-BS graphics 
\christine- TFW the roomba makes you smile because the bin is full of glitter, shed by paintings made for an art show put on ju… 
\christine- Congrats @LegUpComputing @UofT and welcome to the @intelcapital family! 
\christine- "if we can see the different impacts of high- and low-velocity rounds clinically, then the government can also draw… 
\christine- This isn't an acceptable normal. 
\christine- well done code of conduct from @freebsd 
\christine- Hm...@urbanbarbarian do you mean Jean, or Phoenix? 🤣😇👹 
\christine- Hey @LongBeach_CC folks, get in on this opportunity with @urbanbarbarian 
\christine- hm. 
\christine- 'If you’re a decision maker, have locked-in-stone criteria to hire/choose speakers/pick board members &amp; make public… 
\christine- 'Art is a doorway into the interior world that so many children are denied...art is the first doorway into the lumi… 
\christine- Having acquired Aunt (General) #Antiope instead of Wonder Woman, because she inspires the kind of mother I want to… 
\christine- Looking forward to interviewing the @startx summer batch...last call for your application! 
\christine- Why just watch it, when you can EAT it? 😍 
\christine- Thank you @SFPiBar for hosting our cookie booth today! (Psst: cookies are a great Valentine's gift, if you're in th… 
\christine- 🤔👇 
\christine- yes this! 👇🏽🙏🏽🌍🇵🇹 👩🏽‍🎓👩🏽‍💼🕴🏽‍♀️👩🏾‍🎓🙋🏼‍♀️👩🏿‍💻 
\christine- PS THANK YOU @brit for the livestream! Thoughtful gift for those of us home with a sick kid tonight. 
\christine- Are you a woman interested in crypto? Check out "Decrypting Crypto" with @BritandCo - the livestream starts now! 
\christine- For those who asked: 'green to gold' is an Army program that helps enlisted soldiers (who typically do not have col… 
\christine- #JanetJacksonAppreciationDay 
\christine- I am going crazy from my slow trolling by @potterybarn - my original 12/8 shipment is now pushed back to 4/24, desp… 
\christine- Yes this 👇 #JanetJacksonAppreciationDay (And thank YOU for this one, Miss Jackson!) @JanetJackson @AntonioSabatoJr… 
\christine- Love may be waking up at 4:30am to prep and make snacks for a Tahoe day run you are not going on. Love is DEFINITEL… 
\christine- Shout out YesAndians! @calista and I are hosting 'heart art' studio (with #ruthasawa clay) at @AlvaradoSchool today… 
\christine- PS my ex (@calista's dad) - an honorably discharged, green-to-gold Army veteran - saw this, and sends @Kaepernick7 a double thumbs-up 👍🏽👍🏽 
\christine- ❤ @calista @kcmaas @datamama 
\christine- My favorite up and coming investor!! @RussellOkung #UpfrontSummitِ 
\christine- I got to meet an American hero today! Thank you @Kaepernick7 for being a force for good. ❤ 
\christine- watching the complete stonewalling of @danprimack by Tim Geithner, who apparently did not get the memo about "answe… 
\christine- #MyHappyPlaceIn4Words @calista @kcmaas @cityofmiami @StepsonBroadway 
\christine- 'The typical Trump voter is a successful man, in an unsuccessful place.' @davidfrum with @HMPodesta #upfrontsummit #longla 
\christine- 'creativity and activism go great together, so I'm doing what I can to promote their marriage' @OBEYGIANT #UpfrontSummit #longla 
\christine- 'How American you are is not your religion, your skin color, or your gender...I want to advocate equal treatment fo… 
\christine- Brilliant! Guess what book goes to every new @thredUP employee? 
\christine- 'I believe that the people of this country are fundamentally together in their belief in American ideals, such as t… 
\christine- "I'm not right wing, left wing, or even chicken wing...I'm an American." @DanRather #UpfrontSummit #LongLA… 
\christine- OK...I broke down and went back for pink ones with @paigecraig @tracyfong 
\christine- 'An entire hour of @readyplayerone is filmed in CG...we even put on VR headsets and scouted locations in CG.' Chris… 
\christine- Fresh donut wall...well-played, @upfrontvc. @Bea_latina could resist. I could not! 😁🍩 #UpfrontSummit #longla 
\christine- Yes, we did..! 
\christine- delighted to see @halleberry turn the typical woman Q ('so how do you balance being a mom with X?' back on… 
\christine- 'While it's more tiring to be an owner, it's worth it. It's so empowering to think 'what do I want to create?'and t… 
\christine- 'it's just not about doing good work...it's about feeling good about the work you do' @karanortman #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- 'it's important for LPs to understand there is a veneer of liquidity on today's bullish crypto market...but there's… 
\christine- after several weeks, still thinking about AI in the context of "relentless parallel attention," and what that impli… 
\christine- oh YEAH! @superbowl sale! Just ordered Jim's Steaks &amp; @McLoonsLobster Shack from @goldbely! (get an extra $25 off… 
\christine- 'men, don't work for equality because of your mother or your daughter - work for equality because it's the right th… 
\christine- Finally, some relief for Richland-area moms: Two Arrested in Connection With Southeast Bernal Shooting Homicide… 
\christine- Great opportunity for #womenintech #womeninproduct - come and join us at @websummit next year! 
\christine- 'Most of the political action is local; the past year has been a distraction from that...presidents can't tell you… 
\christine- Sigh...taxi driver mansplaining me on how he knows his way better than Waze does, ignoring my requested route as I… 
\christine- I've just donated - please help the Alvarado kids get scienced up! 
\christine- was just told by @BestBuySupport that they cannot take an order for TV mounting service because one particular wall… 
\christine- 4:05PM: crap, I'm the last one on this flight and am stuck in a middle seat 4:08PM yay, I get to spend 6 hours wit… 
\christine- Goodbye NYC! I still love you more. ❤🍎 
\christine- Perspective: imagine where @StephenCurry30 or @tbrady14 - or even the entire @Yankees starting lineup - would be, i… 
\christine- Does anyone know if @Cleanify is shutting down? They cancelled my recurring cleaning (no notice), no response to me… 
\christine- It's both astonishing and heroic that these girls achieved so much while survivng abuse. I can't imagine many elite… 
\christine- Girls HAD to allow visits into their rooms at night. Would you give @USAGym @TeamUSA your child? "This was a nation… 
\christine- "It makes Hollywood rapes look principled...the price to be an Olympian was to submit to abuse — there was no other… 
\christine- Helicopters over Bernal, must be more bad news. Last week: dawn helicopters = shooting at my freeway exit. Last nig… 
\christine- Update on last night's shooting in Bernal 
\christine- +175 years in prison for #LarryNassar. 
\christine- Correction: that is, 170 victims (out of ?) who decided to accept burden of coming forward. So many little girls sexually abused by one man. 
\christine- Approximately 170 victims. Tasting bile. 
\christine- Shooting is one block away so @coledog will be skipping Holly Park tonight 
\christine- Bernalites: shooting at Richland &amp; Leese, avoid area as streets are blocked 
\christine- my fangirling of @SenDuckworth continues 
\christine- 😢 RIP @ursulakleguin. thank you for letting us walk through your dreams. 
\christine- Sounds like my love for @amazonecho will remain undiminished 
\christine- Still mama's baby, at the end of the day. Happy 8th Birthday. ❤ 
\christine- Yes, exactly. &lt;3 (Noted as I work on teal-colored, yellow cake, pokeball-shaped cake pops to bring to class for… 
\christine- adding some megaphone to @GlobalFundWomen's important work to empower women and girls worldwide 
\christine- BWAHAHAHAHA 
\christine- interested to see if Labo can leverage immense popularity/demographic of @nintendo switch to gain scale that eludes… 
\christine- So satisfying to watch. #ocdbliss 
\christine- In case you can't sleep because of the helicopters swarming Bernal 
\christine- Just paid $5.99 for, and watched, the Shoppies' Shopkins World Vacation. There is no greater proof of my love for… 
\christine- wishing I knew better how to bridge my Creative People side with my Money People side, so I could live this better.… 
\christine- I want to be @blogdiva when I grow up 
\christine- THIS is how a financially successful American acts. Thank you, @JeffBezos for reminding us that America can still b… 
\christine- This is why I'm always getting myself into trouble 
\christine- Wouldn't it be fabulous if we had both... 
\christine- Worth repeating a quiet suggestion for codes of conduct at events...or at a minimum, let's ask ourselves when plann… 
\christine- Thank you @paulbiggar, for adding your voice so that concerns about the @DFJvc event (and others like it) are harde… 
\christine- So many of my friends need to get up here with their checkbook ❤ @martincreed @GavinBrownsEnt @fogfair 
\christine- Wishing that the dealer would share the artist's name on this fascinating acrylic piece. (Mama needs new art!) Love… 
\christine- Delighted to discover that these need to be adopted in pairs...more wonderful 50's art from René Capron… 
\christine- I walked in thinking 'ooo, who made this fabulous Blair Witch Ruth Asawa,' but it turns out it's *actually* Ruth A… 
\christine- great advice from @karanortman - keep track of your 'sales objections' and either get in front of those issues, or… 
\christine- today's big launch! 
\christine- Well, I suppose it IS standard procedure for govt-seized assets... 
\christine- Congrats @8ennett and the @wonderschools team! 
\christine- impending blow to the weekend warrior industry 
\christine- Conference organizer? Here are some helpful code of conduct links. They make a difference. Please adopt one.… 
\christine- 😡 
\christine- Impressed by out of the box usability as I add Spot to our growing @amazonecho family 💛 - phone app no longer requi… 
\christine- Remembering my +100 trip to @WebSummit with the 'female founders dorm,' and feeling thankful for @adryenn's 'we got… 
\christine- in other news: major drop in water pressure across the Bay Area, as everyone decides they might as well go to the b… 
\christine- SF neighbors - that was 4.7 magnitude in Alameda, if you just woke up from the earthquake. 
\christine- Not sure it gets more All-American than this! @NASA and @american_girl launch new doll with Mars aspirations 🚀🇺🇸👧🏽💙 
\christine- Two degrees away from how to look credible when pitching VCs. (If folks want to send me pics of their outfits, I'll… 
\christine- THIS &gt; 'Weekend views of women as sex pawns &amp; founder hounders can’t help but affect weekday views of women as coll… 
\christine- "Thank God for the Star Wars fans!" &gt; Ron Villemaire #ronslastjedi 🎄🎥⚛ 
\christine- When favorite things come together! @brit @WonderWomanFilm @BritandCo 
\christine- 2:51 hours and I'M FREEEEEE!!! Happy Holidays to all at the @CA_DMV! 🎅 
\christine- .@cameo is my urban Christmas hero! 🤣 
\christine- TFW you discover that the DMV with the shortest wait time (0:41) when you left home, becomes the longest wait time… 
\christine- #LOLSurprise is a marketing genius 
\christine- Beautiful. Geeky. 😍 
\christine- Women entrepreneurs - apply now for two weeks in residence at Women's Startup Lab this March! Great program.… 
\christine- so, @Walmart has #Fingerlings back in stock online. #yourewelcome 
\christine- thank you @dominos for adding an estimated delivery time to your checkout screen! SO MUCH BETTER for managing hungry families!! 
\christine- Congratulations Kayla and welcome to the @Columbia @CC_Columbia family! 👑🗽💙 
\christine- PSA: wireless ear buds/airpods/headsets - anything with bluetooth - *also* emit RF energy, so be mindful of extende… 
\christine- ...and the other bucket of commentary and links that I'd like to create (mostly for my own convenience, but happy t… 
\christine- ...and another one (more links TBA) ⚡️ “Stats Worth Saving: Gender Issues” 
\christine- Playing with @TwitterMoments ⚡️ “Speaking Shoutouts” 
\christine- Celebrating my birthday with my favorite lunch date @calista ❤ 
\christine- Given both the paranoia and actual risks of email malware, how are you handling your unwanted email nowadays? 
\christine- Having flashbacks to my six-month customer service odyssey with Sears. In case anyone here remembers my slow descen… 
\christine- hey @potterybarn @potterybarnteen - super uncool to give me a furniture delivery date of Dec 8th in my cart &amp; order… 
\christine- Happy to feel both welcomed and inspired by good people @bullpencap 
\christine- "there are bubbles, and then there's #Bitcoin" @duncandavi #hesaidIcouldquotehim 
\christine- One of the most cogent explanation of blockchain economics, from @CryptoKitties 🐱 
\christine- "I look for founders with a neurosis...or resilience, whatever they call it nowadays." @ganeumann #premoney 🤣 
\christine- "Resilience alone isn't enough to be successful. You need to combine resilience with self-awareness." @ashady #PreMoney 
\christine- "The biggest mistake I see young #Bitcoin investors make is diversification....Move those assets around into real e… 
\christine- Best balance of security and ease of use? 
\christine- Military service makes fantastic entrepreneurs - thank you @founding for creating a long-overdue platform! (and inv… 
\christine- all-male #ICO panel said zip when @johnshinal made the tired joke about moms/women being dumb about tech.… 
\christine- OH at #futureofmoney: 'The US will catch up to Asia in #crypto adoption eventually, just like it did for… 
\christine- "We don't say that we're a crypto company. We say that we provide unique financial incentives to get people into ba… 
\christine- "I'm just an old alcoholic playing with crypto." &gt; Bill Melton @futureofmoney #quoteoftheday 
\christine- Here's to a holiday season filled with with joy and grace, and a New Year in which we realize our dreams. 💫 
\christine- One more lady scientist-in-waiting...! @intel museum visit with @Calista and @datamama FTW #ChangeTheRatio 
\christine- That said, yay democracy! 🇺🇸 
\christine- Multiple days of jury selection is like an around-the-world flight, with the seatbelt sign turned on &amp; electronic d… 
\christine- 'in between a lab and your home, tech is perfect for out-of-home entertainment...we partner with tech &amp; media compa… 
\christine- THERE SHOULD BE CHEESE IN BOTH LAYERS! 
\christine- Applies to VCs too (is it good for the company to take $X, now, from us?) &gt;&gt; The Incredibly Simple Way To Tell If Y… 
\christine- Have FINALLY found a decent app to digitize recipes. Kudos @Pepperplateapp for checking all the boxes, on all platf… 
\christine- Choosing to be proud as vs annoyed that @Calista woke me up at 6AM to roll dough, because 'I promised' we could mak… 
\christine- Pro tip I picked up from Cook's (@TestKitchen) - three-item timer (cheap on Amazon!) for the pie baking win. 
\christine- Still rocking Wende and Harry Devlin's #cranberrythanksgiving cranberry bread. Just realized I have been making it… 
\christine- Thanksgiving week holiday homeschool for @Calista 🤓 
\christine- Love conquers all! #biggame #rivernetwork #riverecosystem @kcmaas 
\christine- Per my previous comment on using 'a few accurate words.' 
\christine- OMG I just tried Alexa reminders for the 1st time... Game changing feature for women burdened with household cognitive overhead 
\christine- Clearly articulate what you do/who it's for/why you do it, in a few accurate words - signs of investor interest wil… 
\christine- We all still have a lot of work to do 
\christine- Congrats @linesballet and @lisafischersing on a brilliant collaboration! &gt;&gt; ' the company's empathy, diversity, and… 
\christine- Looking for the latest millennial trend? It's the "quarterlife crisis." BWAHAHAHAHA 
\christine- "It’s easier to get your old job back if the power structure that gave it to you in the first place stays intact."… 
\christine- TFW you have been in your car an hour on your way from SF to Santa Clara, but have not yet passed SFO. 
\christine- Congrats @SAMlabs team! @Calista is thrilled to see what's next. 😄 
\christine- Fantastic support for female founders! Sign up here. 👇🏽 
\christine- Nice #ICO basics Q&amp;A with @mikojava 
\christine- Thinking of, and honoring, those who serve our country. 
\christine- Utterly fascinating for grammar geeks. 
\christine- 'We have to change... we cannot condemn the next generation to lives of degradation and despair.' @algore #WebSummit 
\christine- 'My purpose here is to recruit you to help solve the crisis facing our planet.' @algore, after 16,000 person standi… 
\christine- 'As technology moves forward, I want to see and create more intimate experiences...like you're right in the room wi… 
\christine- 'If I post a selfie, I'll get 400K likes, but if I post on something I care about, I'll get 50K and bring my number… 
\christine- 'I don't want to wait 10, 20, or 30 years for things to change. I want things to change now.' @rosariodawson… 
\christine- Searching for meaning at #websummit: overflow crowd for Crimson Rose, Maria Lopes, &amp; @zoelahenry on culture, art, a… 
\christine- Wondering if the @IBMWatson team would notice if this guy went missing #childhoodcrush #yesreally #s1e24 
\christine- Packed house for @gailheimann @WeberShandwick on women's activism campaigns at #WebSummit #PandaConf stage ✊ 
\christine- What an amazing day at #WebSummit - so grateful I got to be part of it!! 
\christine- If VCs added (a) copy of sexual #harassment policy and (b) copy of #diversity &amp; inclusion policy to diligence list,… 
\christine- I speak at 40-50 tech events/year. I have never seen this in a speaker lounge. Ever. One more grateful @websummit f… 
\christine- Now THAT's port! @grahams_port #websummit #iaminportugalafterall 
\christine- 'Every time innovations come, people look with skepticism...but #AI is bigger than the one thing they fear.'… 
\christine- Repping Stanford @StartX badge at #websummit = non-US founders excitedly asking if @SpaceX is starting fund 🤣 (no, but would be awesome! 🚀) 
\christine- 'Like the new vehicles before them, #ICOs will end up regulated...once people lose money, the SEC pays attention.'… 
\christine- 'Safety is not in the #ICO vocabulary, people don't buy tokens for safety...it's liquidity for all people of earth.… 
\christine- '#ICO governance is global...the banks won't be able to push regulation as they did upon peer-to-peer lending.' @TimDraper #websummit 
\christine- Interviewer at #websummit just asked speaker what one thing contributed most to his success. Answer should have been 'being born male.' 🤔 
\christine- Smart, accomplished women speaking #FTW at #websummit @VCRebecca @Cookie 
\christine- "We're all for digital technologies, but not at the expense of our democracy." @AnnMettler #websummit #Forum 
\christine- Once you've gone @websummit, you never go back! Welcome to the fan club. ;) 
\christine- Sitting next to an investor with &gt; 81K unread emails in his inbox. All of the sudden I feel much better. @WebSummit 
\christine- HAD to try @LoganAirports @Wahlburgers after watching @transformers movies on plane. Pro tips: sauteed onions (yum) &amp; outlets lining bar! 
\christine- Feeling like a baller because I reset all the clocks last night, knowing I was leaving at dawn for @WebSummit today 
\christine- 52 minutes to enjoy NOLA post @tedwomen = @AcmeOyster 1/2 dozen + cups of seafood gumbo and jambalaya! 🦀🦐🍗❤ 
\christine- TFW you try to #fangirl the inspiring @MKanyoro @GlobalFundWomen and she already knows you and your work #mindblown 
\christine- 'To solve world's problems, invest in women &amp; girls...who protect not only themselves, but also children/elderly'… 
\christine- 'We changed the course of America over some gumbo and fried chicken...people nowadays need to come together and tal… 
\christine- 'I did what all overly intellectual people do when they want to understand something...I wrote a book' @sallykohn @TEDWomen cc @AcademicsSay 
\christine- 1/'Guys follow me when I talk about guy stuff like workouts...but when I promote gender equality, only women do.' @justinbaldoni @TEDWomen 
\christine- 'Sexual #harassment is apolitical. No one asks if you're a Republican or a Democrat before they harass you.' @GretchenCarlson @TEDWomen 
\christine- 'Women just want a welcoming, safe, harass-free environment at work. That's it.' @GretchenCarlson @TEDWomen 
\christine- Happy to support @RaniaKinge at @tedwomen! Shameful your visa was denied, grateful @Proudmarydesign stepped up to r… 
\christine- 'Grandmothers- through evidence-based talk therapy-are more effective at treating clinical depression than doctors'… 
\christine- Public matchmaking: @CleanStartKenya @DefyVentures working to bridge from prison to entrepreneurship @tedwomen 
\christine- Thank you @patmitchell for everything you and @TEDWomen are doing for women around the world 
\christine- Watching the @facebook @Twitter @Google grilling by US Reps on @cspan is fascinating to watch as a techie. Everyone should tune in. 
\christine- 'Without stillness, we can't move forward...' Denese Shervington @IWES_NOLA @TEDWomen 
\christine- 'We are all more than our mistakes.' @withlovecleo @TEDWomen 
\christine- 'as a society, we are more willing to lock up an innocent person than to let a guilty person go free' @EveAbrams @UnprisonedRadio #TEDWomen 
\christine- Thank you @girlscouts @jaketapper @mrstapper for this 🙋🏼‍♀️ &gt; I’m 10. And I Want Girls to Raise Their Hands. 
\christine- some turkey (sorry, couldn't resist) at @nytimes owes me a hat tip! thanks @core77 @lifehacker @make for same. ;)… 
\christine- “When you do not intentionally, deliberately include…you will unintentionally exclude” Inclusive Tech Lab @xboxp3 
\christine- Boarding what is apparently a @TEDWomen #ladybird (#nerdbird does not do it justice!) 
\christine- Astros need to hurry up and win. Missing @WalkingDead_AMC. 
\christine- Dating former Yankee = Sunday night full of jumping &amp; hollering at dramatic World Series plays. LOL #GoAstros 
\christine- Topping off reunion weekend at @TheDutchGoose! @StanfordBiz 
\christine- Wow, I started working for free six weeks ago. Ladies: how about you? 
\christine- Wow. 
\christine- If only I could have added Fast &amp; Furious (any), Harry Potter (any), Ice Age (any), Pretty Woman, Twilight (any), X-Men (any). 
\christine- Which of these movies have you watched the most times when you should be doing something else? (...or, admit to another 🤤) 
\christine- Duh, says every woman reading this. (h/t @nilofer) 
\christine- Adult-eye view vs kid's-eye view of Halloween. Well-played, @Target...well-played. 🎃 
\christine- Thinking that dream PA is a military veteran + mom + macgyver. Trains kept moving while solving any problem, any field, any/no resources! 
\christine- So bummed to miss @FastCompany #innovationfest today! (Though I did filch some @cookieDOnyc when I stopped by… 
\christine- 'Men like meats, and women want sweets; but carb-y, savory food bridges the gender divide.' @JoeAriel @goldbely 
\christine- First time seeing this on @united - genius? Or another way to aggravate class divisions? (I will have an opinion in… 
\christine- Seattle/Mercer Island: PLEASE HELP. @sandy_carter's teen daughter missing 24+ hrs - went on run, left keys/phone. C… 
\christine- Imma just gonna leave this here. 
\christine- Happy to support @hackcancerSF tonight with judges @charlesmyim @appetiteforgood @pascale @christine @adeoressi - t… 
\christine- Getting ready to @brunchwork with @tlbtlbtlb @alloycollective - bring on the challenges! 
\christine- Mind blown. #bodypositive 
\christine- Hey @Apple #partoftheproblem 
\christine- SO EXCITED...!!!!! I heart #alexa hard. 
\christine- Must. Watch. @sesamestreet @beastieboys 😎 
\christine- tonight @blendoor is releasing its VC diversity report...ugly truths anticipated. #techinclusion 
\christine- 'internal networks don't help foster diversity...at some point, your internal networks will tap out.' @hollyhliu #TechInclusion 
\christine- baller @kabam cofounder @hollyhliu talks about growing a billion-dollar company at #TechInclusion 
\christine- thinking that it would be fascinating to have @ekp join the @reddit exec panel at #TechInclusion 
\christine- 'policy work at @reddit is not so you can be free from being offended, but rather because you should feel safe' Steve Huffman #techinclusion 
\christine- 'when you think about diversity and inclusion, don't forget people with disabilities...they often get left out' Charlene Carr #techinclusion 
\christine- 'if disability is agency deprivation, we don't need cures - we need to unblock barriers holding people from full potential' @victorpineda 
\christine- related: if you know veteran entrepreneurship orgs, and/or VC funds targeting vets, please reply and share names! @DeptVetAffairs @votevets 
\christine- taking furious notes at military #veterans panel at #techinclusion - diversity community must learn more on how to support this community 
\christine- 'you're middle of nowhere with no resources, &amp; have to achieve mission. that’s entrepreneurship.' @RyanMicheletti #TechInclusion #veterans 
\christine- Backstage with @christine @eclaireoh @pt @joshuapineault @MoniqueWoodard - thank you @TechInclusionco for spotlight… 
\christine- Military strategy on diversity: "Reflect who we lead." @asktrier #TechInclusion 
\christine- The @girlscouts are fine: eg 35 years post @Columbia coeducation, @BarnardCollege still vibrant. Distinct focus on… 
\christine- thrilled to be a @geteero user right now. thank you @nsweaves and team! #KRACK 
\christine- Wondering what the vets I know think about this. (?) 
\christine- So! Cool! 
\christine- Many men are startled by #metoo volume. Are the ones part of problem oblivious, or covering up? Do we need to post/DM #youtoo as a wakeup? 
\christine- Have duly hung up and highlighted #blockchain projects I am excited about...thanks @josh_nussbaum! 
\christine- +1 @DietCoke FTW 
\christine- Sometimes my inside shrieks with fury at my impotence and inability to protect everyone who needs protecting. 
\christine- Women are speaking up today. #MeToo 
\christine- 👏 
\christine- This 👇 
\christine- Underestimated: the close relationship between caregiving and resilience 💪🏼💞 
\christine- Well said by @RussellOkung: Chargers’ Okung Issues Call to Action for N.F.L. Players 
\christine- 🤷🏼‍♀️❤ @YiyingLu 
\christine- Thank you @theignitesf! #dumpout 
\christine- Emoji magic via @YiyingLu! #embracechaos #ignitesf 
\christine- This is a HUGE step towards wage equality. Thank you @JerryBrownGov! 
\christine- Expecting a raucous chat with @mbrianaepler @pt @MoniqueWoodard on women and venture capital at #TechInclusion 
\christine- (somewhat-comforting?) data visualization layering grape crop with active #napafire locations via @VinsightCo 
\christine- Last chance! Join @ignitetalks tonight - I'll tell how to survive being both parent+caregiver. (Friend discount! ♥️) 
\christine- Loving that @TheRock picked this up! 💪👏 
\christine- 'if @Eminem easily seizes moral high ground from POTUS, if he must defend civic values, what does it say about us?' 
\christine- 3 Mom Blondes at the end of the night...happy birthday @1erinflynn! (Thanks @kcmaas ♥️) @MaureenSDowney 
\christine- 3 Mom Blondes at the end of the night...happy birthday @1erinflynn! (Thanks @kcmaas ♥️) @MaureenSDowney 
\christine- Champagne arrived 18 minutes after placing order. Thank you @SauceyApp! Insanely good service. 
\christine- Having just found this @SohoHouse booth gif and deciding it makes me too happy to wait for #tbt 🤗 @jts @christine l… 
\christine- I'm speaking at @TechInclusionco's #techinclusion2017 - please join us for the conversation! 
\christine- BWAHAHAHA I can't even. 
\christine- Evacuations happening all across Napa. Be safe. #atlasfire #napafire 
\christine- SF folks who can't sleep due to smell of smoke: it's not us, it's Napa. 
\christine- Bring on the #AMA! @tlbtlbtlb @christine @brunchwork are waiting. 
\christine- 'Obliger rebellion' defines Gen X women. 'Obligers pushed to limits go rogue: quit jobs, walk out on marriages, abr… 
\christine- Amazing @RadioShack @adafruit news! #womenintech #MakerMovement 
\christine- Thank you @StartOut for the unexpected honor! #StartOutAwards 
\christine- 'If I were to ask one thing, it would be to find your voice - Speak. Tweet. Blog.' @ArlanWasHere #StartOutAwards 
\christine- Thrilled to be at the @StartOut Awards with @angelcomet to accept the @Orrick Advocate Award for the @IntelCapital… 
\christine- Awesome profile on @allison_tonia and Josiane Ishimwe! For Two #HBCU Students, @Intel Internship Opened Up New World 
\christine- Looking forward to the fall @LinesBallet season with @lisafischersing &lt;3 
\christine- Pretty awesome to work somewhere that is already encouraging folks to honor next week's #ComingOutDay ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜 
\christine- My desire to buy &amp; try all things Alexa is going to hit cash flow issues 
\christine- Proud of @calista at 1st @ODCsf audition: 'mama, I may not get it this time, but next time I'll have had practice'… 
\christine- Awesome opportunity for Women's March Bay Area participants - get sponsored to attend the Detroit #WomensConvention 
\christine- THIS 👇 @hunterwalk is my spirit animal 
\christine- Congrats @interviewingio! (and @SusaVentures @KaporCapital @socialcapital @uluventures) 
\christine- ❤🇺🇸👇 
\christine- Oh no...@calista and I tried delicious @girlscouts Thin Mints cupcake mix. No more off season for #thinmints ! 
\christine- #wishlist 
\christine- Going from the 'safe space' of @YxYY to tell a story at a 'real' @Ignitetalks ...gulp. 
\christine- 'If CK said 'I’m kneeling til soldiers get health/benefits/jobs,' would you still be mad? Same knee. Or ru mad b/c… 
\christine- PS my mom is going to be SO STOKED! (No. Really.) cc @datamama 
\christine- 'SQL is back...as we collect more and more data to make better sense of our world, systems complexity will only con… 
\christine- Congrats @jopwell! Thrilled to see you build more diverse candidate pools with @cueballcapital @KaporCapital… 
\christine- Or...white with a personal stake in equality. At minimum, don't assume what color the grandchildren you'll die to p… 
\christine- 🤗 
\christine- Loving to get some @ThomasRhett for @kcmaas. Baseball players need their country!! #iHeartFestival 
\christine- Wondering what bands are @KingsOfLeon in disguise #facelessmen 
\christine- 👊🏻👊👊🏽👊🏾👊🏿 #diversity #warriornation 
\christine- Enjoying strange-but-special feeling of eating the first weekend brunch at a restaurant no one knows is open yet 🤐… 
\christine- XOXO to all my friends wrong in the right ways #iHeartFestival @Pink 
\christine- Happy #iheartfestival! @kcmaas @christine @doughertym @JelliRadio @iHeartMedia 
\christine- #RelationshipGoals 
\christine- I just backed the @NayaHealthCo Smart Bottle on @Kickstarter 
\christine- OMG I just happened to land on this. Way to go @JanicaAlvarez3 @nayahealthco!! Look forward to your @kickstarter!… 
\christine- 'We miss the great women who left, but maybe we need to celebrate that we're a women's leadership factory'… 
\christine- Congrats @ktrae! 
\christine- Welcome back @LambertLisaM @UPWARD_Women to @Intel! 
\christine- THIS from @melindagates &lt;3 
\christine- so @kcmaas just said 'hey, I saw this article on clusters of tetrahedrons today, and it made me think of you'… 
\christine- I just published “Help Us Build a Diversity Ecosystem Map!” 
\christine- I just published “How to Break Through Vicious Cycles” 
\christine- Flying robots! 
\christine- I need to return my math team trophies... 🤤 
\christine- My tribe is both insane and wonderful ❤ 
\christine- #fangirl 
\christine- sharing @Jif with my dog and swilling @Schramsberg after chasing out a raccoon at 2AM. even at 19, @coledog still has it! &lt;3 
\christine- Florida man works @Publix &lt;3 
\christine- Tips for outdoor sculpture lovers in #irma's path 
\christine- Hey @Justins, FYI your pretzel snack pack is inedible. Pretzels aren't hard enough to mix nut oil into rock solid b… 
\christine- Feeling helpless as I watch #irma head directly towards home. I have never spent so much time thinking about Lake Okeechobee. 😟 
\christine- Cool, and thrillingly risky, a.f. 
\christine- Old school #dtla with @TwoBitCircus! @brentbushnell @egradman @codysimms @ryan_mcintyre @jspinale @itfrom2bit… 
\christine- "pizza is food with a software margin" &gt; @ryan_mcintyre 🤣 
\christine- Adding to my Weird Shit Found In Back Yard collection. Any suggestions on species/age? (Deer in Bernal?) 
\christine- Congrats @jesserobbins @OrionLabs - well deserved! 
\christine- Reminder that hurricane price-gouging is illegal in Florida 
\christine- Congrats #jealous 
\christine- AKA loving pho is not the problem. Disrespecting the cook and where she came from is the problem. 
\christine- Please help @AlvaradoSchool's 'Coach Anthony' to recover from traumatic brain injury. the kids miss his magic. 😢 
\christine- Must read thread of day. 🤣🤣🤣 
\christine- Congrats @BritandCo! 
\christine- was just told that I was a badass mom for cutting stitches out of my own face...but only after boiling the scissors and tweezers first. 😷✂️ 
\christine- Definitely not...! 
\christine- Really looking forward to getting my stitches out tomorrow, so I no longer have to be this glam #safetythird 
\christine- For all of the great 'chefs' I know... 🤣🎂 
\christine- Really wish the 'Gents' wasn't in there. Kind of dirties potential inspiration when you know it's not for you. (And… 
\christine- Kudos @BoozAllen - valuing diversity that many ignore: named #BestPlacetoWork for #DisabilityInclusion @USBLN @AAPD 
\christine- 👊 @SenDuckworth is my hero 
\christine- Congrats to all the new @startx founders! Would much rather have been with you, than in the ER getting stitches. ;) 
\christine- #startxvip #winning 
\christine- BOOM! 9:45PM wakeup, with cries for dinner instantly silenced. 'Mama, is it still warm?' #winning 
\christine- (Note: after already eating your own random dinner) 
\christine- Love is cooking a meal for a child that fell asleep early &amp; leaving it next to her bed, so she doesn't wake up &amp; cry that she missed dinner 
\christine- We just hired one at @AlvaradoSchool &lt;3 
\christine- Since we could all use a hug nowadays: 
\christine- 👏👏👏 
\christine- 25th @ycombinator #demoday! 
\christine- Happy #SolarEclipse2017 from @AlvaradoSchool!! 
\christine- Eclipse geeks! Check out these baller solar eclipse stamps from @USPS. Heat-sensitive with a reveal! :O 
\christine- "Dog poop is a lot easier to clean up than hate" &gt; Bay Area dog owners protest alt-right rally #patriotpoop @coledog 
\christine- Thank you @GenRobertNeller @USMC @votevets for standing up for American values. 
\christine- Style guide from @AP for writing about racism. Since Strunk &amp; White is at a loss. 
\christine- My stepson (who is OK) had a bad accident (totaled motorcycle) tonight. They only found him via @Life360. THANK YOU @ChrisHulls and team. 🙏 
\christine- Nice win for @GreylockVC (and congrats @twephanie!) 
\christine- shoutout to @CNDiVito, who I hope still has a @laurelandwolf board in her back pocket for my cancelled-and-now-restarted project! 🙏 
\christine- full transition for @datamama to the unnatural state of having your own kids call you "grandma" (sorry, mom!) 
\christine- ...this, of course, means that "mom" no longer works in To: field for emails or messaging, AKA a wrong-year-on-January-checks flashback 
\christine- existential crisis for geek parents: updating your mom's nickname in phone from "Mom" to "Grandma" so your kids can use Alexa to call her 
\christine- Well unsaid. 
\christine- F Yeah! @goldbely #greensbabka 
\christine- Nicely connected dots. 
\christine- Forming new rules for @calista immediately... :O Have Smartphones Destroyed a Generation? 
\christine- ...and to *completely* support parents, @amazonecho could reply "excuse me?" for all requests missing a "please" tr… 
\christine- .@amazonecho parental controls need "thank you mode" - listen a few seconds for 'thank you' after confirming task, respond "you're welcome" 
\christine- Love. This. 
\christine- ❤👊 
\christine- I suspect @chrisfralic still owns all of these 
\christine- No woman would be surprised by this. 
\christine- What he said: 
\christine- When people blame math, instead of owning up to their beliefs. 
\christine- The @girlscouts are kicking butt and taking names. Well done, @SylviaAcevedo and team. 👊 
\christine- GAUUUUGGGHHH. So not good between redeye to NYC this morning, and leaving house at 7:30AM tomorrow for 10 hours of… 
\christine- tfw you finally have option to get off plane after 2 hrs buckled in, but are convinced that if you deplane for food/drink they will take off 
\christine- 👏👏👏 
\christine- Surreal/awesome @movableink board dinner with table of male founders/coinvestors both becoming woke on diversity &amp; oohing pics of @kcmaas 
\christine- If GoDaddy Can Turn the Corner on Sexism, Who Can’t?, via @nytimes 
\christine- Flat tire Sat &gt; lurch up 101 to @costco &gt; @lyft help to empty &amp; leave car in rush. 1 call today = car camped free, tires on way, no worry. 👏 
\christine- No. Fewer harassment incidents in VC are because (1) smaller population base (as vs smaller percentage) and (2) no… 
\christine- 👊 
\christine- Congrats @stateofrelate @lmtejedor &amp; Melissa Halfon! So happy that @vidcode has grown to the next level. @IntelEDU 
\christine- Great hardware mgr/dir opportunity with portco @prestotablet: lead design, collab/report to CEO @rajatsuri. Join! 
\christine- Luther (@BarackObama's anger translator) is back and I am PMPL...thank you @KeeganMKey @StephenAtHome! 
\christine- Kickass @geteero cust svc! Rec'd new set this AM: +15 min wifi back up 3 house stories; +16 min, adding to… 
\christine- 1st time wearing contacts today. #creepy #frustrating #tedious #itchy &amp; mildly #nauseating but someday it will be totally worth it, right? 🤭 
\christine- Yes, please! @TwoBitCircus 
\christine- Yes, please! @TwoBitCircus 
\christine- Yes indeed! Thanks @arielwaldman @micah 
\christine- AKA 'if you set aside your phone to go to the park with your kids on Sunday morning, you might not be a good fit fo… 
\christine- congrats @Punchbowl (and welcome, @PartyCity to the fam!) 
\christine- 1st-gen @geteero died after 15 mos faithful service...switch has laptops up but entire family has @amazonecho 'add to list' withdrawal pains 
\christine- Welcome Mila to @BritandCo! 
\christine- So, @BetterWorks. 
\christine- THIS IS WHAT WOMEN WANT IN THE WORKPLACE FROM MEN (thank you, @andy_murray ❤) 
\christine- Congrats @brit @BritandCo - and welcome, to @Disney!! 
\christine- Happy 7-11! ...thank you @7eleven on Holly Street for the free #Slurpees! 
\christine- Is it time to shift from conspiracy theory to Occam's razor yet? 
\christine- awesome graphic on #Eclipse2017 from @washingtonpost 
\christine- I just published “The ‘Minimum Viable Apology,’ Defined” 
\christine- Trying to decide if this makes me an awesome mom, or a terrible one...lol #YxYY 
\christine- 9/Lastly, #4: Promise it won't happen again, say how you'll prevent it, and follow through. It's the only way to rebuild trust &amp; reputation. 
\christine- 8/Make proportionate amends &amp; cede control. THINK HARD ON THIS. "I will make up for X by doing Y. Please let me know if that's OK with you." 
\christine- 7/Point #2: Admit responsibility &amp; make effort at empathy. "I hurt you when I did X, and it made you feel/caused Y. I was wrong." 
\christine- 6/Your minimum viable apology, if you are allowed to give it, has 4 points. #1: "I'm sorry that I [fill in the blank] and hurt you." Own it. 
\christine- 5/Ask the other person if you may apologize, before launching into an apology. Yes, it sounds silly. Do it. Show respect. 
\christine- 4/Think closely on what the offended would want from you. Try to walk in their shoes and see their perspective. Ask for help if you need it. 
\christine- 3/Don't try to justify your actions. Don't call out the other's behavior. That's arguing, not apologizing. Suck it up and own your wrong. 
\christine- 2/YOUR apology = "I'm sorry that I..." Don't use the phrase "I'm sorry that you..." It's a passive-aggressive way to justify your actions. 
\christine- A bad apology is worse than no apology. Whether you're busted or are coming clean on your own, you aren't owning it without an apology 'MVP' 
\christine- Are you a weirdo based in LA, and in marketing? This will be an amazing role with our portfolio company… 
\christine- wow, are they f'ing kidding with this? startup networking and lingerie fashion show? ( and only $500 for a model-ho… 
\christine- Real talk from Perri Chase @bethebutterfly : I Had Sex With An Investor &amp; I Am Sorry 
\christine- Proof that @anildash has a strong female follower demographic? ~600 faves on this post. 
\christine- Well done @TwoBitCircus @itfrom2bit ! 
\christine- Congrats @lisnr on the great win! 
\christine- researching how to fix flaking anodized aluminum furniture as I test coconut flour pancake fat/egg ratios #MissingGentleTwitter 
\christine- TFW your man sends you this link, with an 'I love you!' note attached #lucky #winning 
\christine- Phenomenal wish list for inclusion: 
\christine- After 12 months of investing and partner transition data, we'll see if VC power dynamics actually change as a resul… 
\christine- Silence is not always golden. 
\christine- Nitro Powered Grandma about to engage... @amazonecho #EchoShow in the house! 
\christine- congrats @upfrontvc @karanortman @msuster @kobiefuller @gregbettinelli @kevinyzhang @hametwatt &amp; Yves! one of the b… 
\christine- Being a "founder friendly" investor means supporting your female founders, too. This makes me want to vomit. 
\christine- Thank you @bullpencap @duncandavi @shestarts! 
\christine- 💙💚💛💜 
\christine- #24 club sandwich at @Yankees #OldTimersDay...what a treat! ⚾😀⚾ #tinomartinez @kcmaas #rickeyhenderson 
\christine- Happy @Yankees Old-Timers' Day! @kcmaas 
\christine- Just ran into our first @kcmaas autograph scrum (it's @Yankees Alumni Weekend!) - as a former mathlete, I'm definitely Alice in Wonderland! 
\christine- 👏👏👏👏👏 
\christine- Unsurprising: rise of a 'hard left' from polarized US political climate. 
\christine- At @SiComoNo_Hotel, where the Towel Nazi has cut our drying-off privileges, post yesterday's Injured Child Leaving Pool in Towel conflict. 🤔 
\christine- Headline that isn't a metaphor, but should be 
\christine- #fangirl 
\christine- Screaming for control of #alexa is the ultimate game of keep-away 
\christine- Wishing I were in Boston next month! #robotoverlords 
\christine- Kudos @HarmonyHotel for brilliant way to clean Nosara beaches. Hotelier/visitors/ocean all #winning, more beach ven… 
\christine- For men trying to get it: ask any woman who's worked with a predatory man. James Comey and the Predator in Chief 
\christine- Congrats @realrealjulie @therealreal! Love your service. 
\christine- Having found perfect waves in Nosara ♥ #cleanseasphoto @UNEP 
\christine- 👨‍👨‍👦💕👨‍👩‍👧‍👦💕👩‍👩‍👧 #prideally #pridemonth 
\christine- Surely, this surprises no one... 
\christine- Science trolling from @USPS at last 
\christine- 👊 
\christine- You know you always wanted to know this. (Related: someone did a nice science consult on @Guardians) 
\christine- TFW you realize that you haven't had a miracle break from email, you've been viewing Deleted instead of Inbox all afternoon. 😭 
\christine- Epic statecraft trolling by @BarackObama has made my day.🇩🇪🇱🇷 
\christine- "By the time you build community, platforms change..so focus on content &amp; look ahead for the next channel.' &gt;… 
\christine- 'Indoors, you can hide as part of a herd...in beach, team comes down to you and everything you do matters' &gt;… 
\christine- #powerwomen2017 kicking off with @sharonwaxman @TheWrap @Dolby 
\christine- We interrupt our stream of political drama 
\christine- California makes me thankful 
\christine- Every so often, a reminder that humans are temporary and not in charge. 
\christine- Everyone should have a @JedKatz chip! 👏 
\christine- 'Fundraising has to become a religion for you...expect to dedicate several months of your life to it.' &gt; @JedKatz a… 
\christine- thank you @adeoressi @founding for your support of diverse founders, and opportunity to share info on @intelcapital… 
\christine- thanks @DonDodge! making the arcane more accessible is essential to enabling new entrepreneurs. (and lets me entert… 
\christine- Oh NO, the secret investor feedback formula is out... #FounderX 
\christine- Thanks, @thesiskar! Always a treat to share honest [snarky] fundraising commentary with @adeoressi &amp; @founding comp… 
\christine- 'the point of perseverance isn't proving anyone else wrong, it's proving yourself right' &gt; @shervin at #FounderX 
\christine- About to be very, very happy 
\christine- wondering if @bullpencap has figured out that tomorrow's diversity ecosystem mapathon is really a plot to get more @DietCoke in their fridge 
\christine- Hardware uberhackers + 50% diverse management + 70% diverse team = wheelchair-friendly immersive entertainment desi… 
\christine- Every @TwoBitCircus meeting is full of good vibes...even before the haptics begin! 
\christine- Congrats @brit @BritandCo, and welcome @VerizonVentures! 
\christine- 👏👏👏 @rozhudnell @dmbrown1 @bkrunner @steministbarb @Benioff @afgascoigne @ekp 
\christine- Hilarious, and true! (Though I'm registered as 'no party,' I was married to a Republican serviceman.) 🇱🇷 
\christine- Please...! Any time I holler for @calista from the kitchen, it's a 50/50 chance of #alexa (responding more promptly… 
\christine- Extremely well said commentary on the current furor over democratic checks and balances. 
\christine- Freaking brilliant. I don't see how people with ink could not want these! @skin_motion 
\christine- Yes a left leaning source, but WOW. 
\christine- My mom spent years programming financial systems in COBOL. Happy Mother's Day! 😎🤖⚘ 
\christine- Wow. @MalwareTechBlog saved a lot of folks. 
\christine- #jealous 
\christine- There's more than one reason the @founding speaker roster is amazing! Kudos @adeoressi @jonnystartup.… 
\christine- I love Internet people. &lt;3 
\christine- Yep. Living it. 
\christine- +100 - as a white woman in the boardroom, I add gender diversity, but that doesn't help the first African-American… 
\christine- All the play, without the alligators: Be at @PGATOUR Sawgrass Open's 17th hole either through VR (with @samsung gea… 
\christine- This is amazing from @amazon. Civic challenge to Bay Area companies doing buildouts? @facebook @salesforce @Apple… 
\christine- 👊 
\christine- 7/Thus endeth my first tweetstorm, as I suck up my own unease as the only woman in a boardroom with 12 people in it. 
\christine- 6/One of the most important things mid-career women do is 'take the hit' and be the first, uncomfortable woman so the next breathes easier 
\christine- 5/I know if that if I hadn't been in a boardroom (or similarly, on a conference panel), then a woman would have felt like she didn't belong 
\christine- 4/As a female board director, the moment of grateful eye contact as a female manager walks in to present is both rewarding and heartbreaking 
\christine- 3/This is why companies can't just hire junior women - female VPs/CXOs/GMs needed at top to demonstrate company ground is bedrock &amp; not sand 
\christine- 2/Knowing you are not the Other, and that there is less need for being 'on defense,' enables female managers to be more authentic/confident 
\christine- When women walk into boardroom &amp; see a female director, they visibly release tension &amp; present better. Male founders/directors should know. 
\christine- Congrats @500Startups! Amazing entrepreneurs are building the MENA ecosystem. 
\christine- + @farmgirlflowers orange roses to @datamama &amp; peonies (my fave) to boyfriend's mom, + @DrafthouseSF tix so @calista can take mommy out #FTW 
\christine- Sending my grandma @OPpdx bacon slab from @goldbely for Mother's Day, cuz that's how we roll! &lt;3 ($25 off yours: 
\christine- Congratulations @sarahtavel! @benchmark gets even better with you as a leader. 
\christine- Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain - please keep demonstrating leadership on this issue. 
\christine- Thank you, @JeffFlake - please keep demonstrating leadership on this issue. 
\christine- Thank you, @SenatorBurr - please keep demonstrating leadership on this issue. 
\christine- #EchoShow reinforces kitchen as home's social hub; screen adds value to voice as families cook, call, surf/shop whi… 
\christine- Mic drop for science from @EmmanuelMacron 
\christine- 👏👏👏 
\christine- Yup. He was nauseous. #stillfeelingill &gt;&gt; Comey Speaks, Word Geeks Grimace 
\christine- How is this considered OK? via @votevets #AHCA 
\christine- Congrats @mikesigal @pitdesi #500fintech @500Startups 
\christine- These rich old white men also made sure to keep #AHCA in place for themselves. 
\christine- Yeah, we've come to this. #AHCAVote 
\christine- Day 3 of #WomeninTech at #CollisionConf 
\christine- Thank you! Glad we could both entertain *and* open a window into good startup pitching. #CollisionConf 
\christine- Sounds like a podcast...! Great pitch dishing at #collisionconf today with @alexrkonrad @Mazzeo @jonteo. 
\christine- 'I'm not confronting you. I'm educating you.' &gt; #WomeninTech #CollisionConf 
\christine- Moment of clarity: #ExpertSystems: human as author. #MachineLearning: human as editor. #AI: human as arbiter. #CollisionConf cc @joshholmes 
\christine- ROFL 'If you step out of line, I'll ship you to @SharePoint.' @joshholmes #CollisionConf 
\christine- Plotting the rise of #CollisonConf #websummit with @deckelly @daviddavidw via @BCGDV 
\christine- The perfect French 75 at @BarrelProofNola with @BCGDV #CollisionConf 
\christine- As of now, @CollisionHQ beats out @WebSummit - though until now, it was tough to choose. Thanks #CollisionConf team… 
\christine- Congrats @davefeller @vgeshel! &gt; @WhirlpoolCorp acquires @Yummly to build connected kitchen @intelcapital 
\christine- 'I don't have a way to change the behavior of 7.5 billion people carrying their beliefs around like precious gems w… 
\christine- And this is why we expanded the @intelcapital diversity fund....disabled founders are quietly, severely underrepres… 
\christine- congrats @prizxillas on earning success (and FWIW when you are a 40-year-old queen of the universe, you won't remem… 
\christine- I need a @DietCoke button!!! 
\christine- It's a good thing that the fire marshal isn't @500Startups today. Packed house in SF to preview Batch 20!! 🔥 
\christine- #WikipediaInclusionDay 
\christine- easy: @JustinTrudeau debriefing to get team up to speed; @realDonaldTrump avoiding liability via 'discussion ensued… 
\christine- Still taking lessons from @chrisfralic - great advice on how (and how not) to develop your reputation and network v… 
\christine- Still taking lessons from @chrisfralic - great advice on how (and how not) to develop your reputation and network v… 
\christine- Daisies FTW ❤ @girlscouts 
\christine- Perhaps related to why I've respected (even when not agreeing with) our past presidents. 
\christine- Welcome @AshleyJudd to the @LinesBallet family! 
\christine- Excited to support @linesballet and their latest work. Join me for a Gala toast (and stunning dancers) on 5/6 in SF… 
\christine- Mad props to @StartX and @cjtman for their process, and dedication to building merit-based network 
\christine- Apparently, whatever @titoyooo has is catching. 😲 @gvsum 
\christine- Celebrating Day 2 of @gvsum with the @ParkpineCapital team! 
\christine- "Dems &amp; Republicans buy same brands...so corp America is put in position of uncomfortable go-between, bridging incr… 
\christine- Well done @500Startups @PPFA 
\christine- Impressed by the people and buzz of Indonesian tech at #gvsummit - thank you @5habana for the invitation! 
\christine- Hour 22 en route to @gvsum (!) - virtuously had dim sum breakfast at HKG and lamian lunch at SIN, but now this...so… 
\christine- Congrats @MoniqueWoodard @500Startups! 
\christine- Standout legal analysis via @Newsweek - why @United was in the wrong to deplane #daviddao 
\christine- Trump has spent 23/84 days and 7/13 weekends (23% of presidency) on trips to Mar-a-Lago 
\christine- Heresy. I demand a recount. 
\christine- A female VR tech founder presenting on stage @intelcapital just said 'even my father can use it' and I am stifling my giant horse laugh.👍 
\christine- Whoops. @magicleap 
\christine- Congrats @jennylefcourt @freestylevc 
\christine- I assume that someone will maintain a Presidential Golf Tracker for the next 4 years. 
\christine- '65.9% of interruptions are to 3 female SCOTUS Justices...gender has ~30X influence of seniority'… 
\christine- Congrats @cosyrobo! Glad to have you in the @intelcapital family. #diversity 
\christine- “What do you want to say?” Every sentence that answers that Q is part of the story. Every sentence that does not ne… 
\christine- Congrats @TwoBitCircus @brentbushnell @egradman and @T4Torg! Excited to see your #STEAM vision spread via schools.… 
\christine- You can't check equal pay off a to-do list. New hiring = new disparities. Kudos to @salesforce for their annual aud… 
\christine- Why transparency in salary information helps women address gender disparity 
\christine- A truth that most men can never understand. It doesn't matter where you are: dark garage, conference cocktails, dan… 
\christine- This quiz is *crazy* accurate in pinpointing where your accent comes from! &gt; How Y’all &amp; You Guys Talk: 
\christine- tfw @amazon confirms next-day delivery, then 8PM next day updates to 4 day delivery...although tracker said 'out fo… 
\christine- tfw you crash your @Samsung s6 edge screen, just 3 weeks before the s8 you've been waiting on ships, so you grudgingly order a next-day s7. 
\christine- I think @calista is trying to be the next @brit. This was presented to me last night, along with request for blue f… 
\christine- deeply impressed by @UpstartMediaSF's work &amp; many years' effort to help the homeless: @InvisibleClass on @indiegogo 
\christine- 👏👏👏👏 
\christine- AKA, 'the first one to deliver immersive entertainment without vomit wins' 😉 
\christine- My $559 CPMC mammogram copay just due up front. On @Intel Blue Cross PPO. How do moms w/out #ACA @PPFA or corp job afford cancer screening? 
\christine- Fantastic advice (and performance benchmarking) on crowdfunding videos 
\christine- Guessing he did not ask a male founder to mow his lawn. 
\christine- ROFL yup 
\christine- Mmm...@MrTodsPies thank YOU for the delicious pie! I wish we were pie-vestors! 
\christine- Wish we could have been there to help celebrate! So happy that @calista is an MCC alum. Amazing SF institution! Tha… 
\christine- ROFL #trumpcare 
\christine- the VP Marketing in me is dying inside 
\christine- +1000 
\christine- Just ordered in-season @Hancock_Lobster (flash sale now!) &amp; @xsoup4u stone crab via @goldbely! Get yer own, $25 off 
\christine- Infuriating. @brentbushnell @dmbrown1 @brady @samlabs &amp; other #alphageeks, any kindness to share with these kids? 
\christine- Trump may lose focus quickly, but his grudges last a loooong time. 
\christine- Great #ycdemoday - kudos to @ycombinator team for such a diverse set of companies, across unexpected new disciplines and markets 
\christine- The fairest news of the day &gt;&gt; Official: Tax Mar-a-Lago owner to help pay for cost of Trump visits via @pbpost 
\christine- Trump wiretapping claims come down to this. Succinct video nails it. 
\christine- 💐🌹Florida sky + rocket trails FTW ☀️🌴🚀❤ 
\christine- #GirlBoss 
\christine- :D 
\christine- Congrats @doughertym @Jateen and @JelliRadio @iHeartMedia teams! Much amazing work to get here. 
\christine- This swaggering #girlboss is my inspiration today 
\christine- Irish PM celebrates St. Patrick's Day with immigration tribute 
\christine- Love art &amp; want to bend my ear for an evening? Be my guest at the @LinesBallet gala. Bid to benefit @AlvaradoSchool! 
\christine- Looking for #Hamilton tickets in SF? Get them (and other great experiences) at the @AlvaradoSchool auction on Sat! 
\christine- #SXSW winners announced! Hard choices for @christine @nkjellson @jholtzman @MarcRothmanMD - all of the health &amp; wea… 
\christine- ...it's PI DAY!! thank you @goldbely for the timely reminder. 
\christine- Diving into @NeurogameConf directly from #sxsw. Mindblowing speakers and sessions, kudos JAZZ Ventures! Fascinating. 
\christine- Best #sxsw roommate ever! &lt;3 @rmward 
\christine- #sxsw @Listnr party! 
\christine- Happy to introduce two of my favorite people...thank you @Square1Bank! #sxsw 
\christine- Judges ready to balance 'ask tough questions' with 'be an ally' for #sxsw accelerator 🤔 LOL...bring on the health a… 
\christine- 'Snacks in the kitchen and stand up desks aren't company culture...they're perks and decor' &gt; @rmward… 
\christine- Dinner with a neuroscientist, a legendary investor, and a Hollywood connector? Thank you @Loreal @nycbabylon! #sxsw 
\christine- 'I'm going to be in trouble...so much joyous trouble...' &gt; @benparr #bethe11 #nerdbird #sxsw 
\christine- Congrats @UBS!! And thank you. 🖒 
\christine- See you @sxsw! 
\christine- effing awesome robot-space-claw from @NASAJPL @NASA has me wondering what else it's good for. 
\christine- .@inaherlihy @triketora after 2 days of lovely diverse @startx interviews, add 'so sticky name tags don't keep getting stuck in your hair' 
\christine- TFW fantastic founders get $$$...congrats @goldbely team @JoeAriel @imabadidea @wotsrovert @jgillman! (and welcome,… 
\christine- Pro Mom Tip: @target self checkout takes all coins, for kids spending their OWN saved-up pennies (and no stinkeye f… 
\christine- .@brit @BritandCo must be because @calista is a creator/@Target lover in the know! 😎 
\christine- Spotted with @calista: @BritandCo in the wild!! ('Mama, I've made those dishes!') 
\christine- How I know @siddharthaGSB @StartX loves me 
\christine- Last year we lost iconic rockers. This year, we're losing trailblazing entrepreneurs. 
\christine- Beyond cool. 
\christine- Room of parents and teachers erupts in boos at the annual @SFUnified school planning retreat 
\christine- Had to try @PingGPS (and support southern tech!) &gt; World’s Smallest GPS Locator #indiegogo via @indiegogo 
\christine- Click here to see if planned re-opening of small waterways to waste disposal affects your tap water (interactive ma… 
\christine- The most underdeveloped, undervalued startup skill: #Sales 
\christine- Another reason to "just run in" to @Target and leave 2 hours later...congrats @BritandCo @brit and team! 
\christine- Congrats @techstars! 
\christine- Not only veterans saw it as disrespectful. 
\christine- Go @BoxHQ team @levie! 
\christine- Startling photos. I'd forgotten how polluted NYC area used to be. Thank you @EPA @CentralParkNYC @MTA for the diffe… 
\christine- SQUEEEEEEE!!!! 
\christine- Transparency. Thank you @dmbrown1 @rozhudnell @bkrunner 
\christine- 'Someone’s grandma is throwing shoe @KellyannePolls...she’s the reason for plastic over furniture &amp; why we're not a… 
\christine- Now *this* is interesting..next step, support @ETECSA_Cuba effort to improve Internet access. Nice work @jobs_cuba… 
\christine- Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home. 
\christine- Argh....now how can I plan my upgrade schedule?! 
\christine- 👍 
\christine- LOL new meme: what are your social spirit animals? 
\christine- Refused to meet with Trump at ceremony where son's body was returned. 
\christine- ROFL 'I don't use sex as a weapon. I use weapons as weapons.' &gt; @ExpanseSyfy #strongwoman 
\christine- Awe-inspiring 
\christine- Yep. Used 'em. &lt;3 #diversity 
\christine- FTW 
\christine- why the glorious @SirPatStew is on my 'get out of jail free' card. #RSCTNGFTW &lt;3 
\christine- .@JasonHirschhorn hire more moms! we manage 95% of household spending. just saying. 😎 
\christine- Delighted to see @YiyingLu's work in my news feed today! &lt;3 
\christine- Fascinating. 'vouchers &amp; charters group under “choice,” but best charters are public schools. Less “private” a scho… 
\christine- Role models for the industry. Thank you @therealfreada @mkapor &gt; 'An Open Letter to Uber Board &amp; Investors' 
\christine- Why we &lt;3 @karaswisher: 'Hey honey, don’t let the door hit you — hey, nice ass, by the way — on the way out if you… 
\christine- Apps now open for @IntelEDU Accelerator (and thanks @tomketch!) 
\christine- No one was watching for last week's $185M of direct #trumpslump losses to US employers 
\christine- Thank you Muslim community, for keeping America great. &lt;3 
\christine- Freedom of speech is for all citizens, of any profession. We should all be like @CaptainAmerica @ChrisEvans, and sp… 
\christine- &lt;3 
\christine- Please call your congressman/woman and save preschool for US servicemembers' children. :( #hiringfreeze 
\christine- 'Change doesn’t usually happen without a catalyst' &gt; @ariannahuff on @uber harassment allegations via @techcrunch 
\christine- Flying robot awesomesauce via @UPS 
\christine- Make Humanity Great Again. Please open our doors. 
\christine- Drive time 14 miles from Squaw to Tahoe Donner = 3 hrs 20 min. Be careful of today's winter wonderland, everyone! 
\christine- Thank you @sama 
\christine- Just wow. 
\christine- Just a little snowy today @squawalpine 
\christine- In order to debate immigration, please know what the US vetting process actually is: 
\christine- #dreamjob, anyone? 
\christine- Upside of #ACA repeal exercise? Partyless realization of startling breadth of lives &amp; livelihoods saved through our shared small sacrifices. 
\christine- Welcome move by @jasoninthehouse 
\christine- I resemble that remark. 
\christine- SF folk: avoid 2nd/Howard to 1st/Folsom and BE SAFE! Neighboring bldgs/streets evacuated, Tehama construction fail 
\christine- Disappointing to see @POTUS business relationships still in the dark. 
\christine- Potential awakening in progress. 
\christine- Kudos to @Yale, honoring tech pioneer Grace Hopper and removing legacy slave ties by renaming Calhoun College to Gr… 
\christine- 500 grade schoolers jumping rope, what's cuter? &lt;3 Please donate! Help me fight heart disease and stroke today! 
\christine- Given how hilarious @melissamccarthy @AlecBaldwin @nbcsnl have been, adding @rosie will break the internet 
\christine- Amazing dinner @RedbirdLA! @brentbushnell @egradman @ryan_mcintyre @marksolon @jspinale @itfrom2bit @loupizante @luckystar @KimSchaeferWolf 
\christine- What an aggravating imposition on businesses, ability to access your home, and taxpayer costs. 
\christine- Apparently, US citizens are only prohibited from *foreign* bribery. 
\christine- Grateful to both @intel &amp; @intelcapital founders @box @britandco @cloudera @docusign @elacarte for standing up: 
\christine- +1 @intelcapital 
\christine- Yeah...missing this guy. 
\christine- AWESOME. Had to show this to @kcmaas to prove they was real :O 
\christine- Well done @intel @hack_harassment 
\christine- Surreal that this is happening back home. 
\christine- And yes, she's a girl, and both times punched by first grade boys. First in the jaw (November), then in the chest (… 
\christine- For the second time in 4 months, my first grader was punched (no adults supervising) on @GLOafterschool watch at @AlvaradoSchool @SFUnified. 
\christine- this is going to be GOOD :O 
\christine- Rhythm Nation by @JanetJackson playing in the body shop waiting room. &lt;3 Respect for the original Nasty Woman. 
\christine- Flight delays announced in 45 min intervals (but adding up to hours) should have disclaimer. 'Caution: may cause overtweeting' @united #lax 
\christine- Official #dresslikeawoman daily winner! Ripley FTW 
\christine- Can we go back and retweet the whole #distractinglysexy meme for Donald? I think he missed it. #dresslikeawoman 
\christine- Rock on, @SenDuckworth. #dresslikeawoman 
\christine- Someday I need an account dedicated to my crazy-new-flavored-junk food fetish...half filled by @Pringles and… 
\christine- Secret revealed! @ev shared that @Medium layoff was on path to 1st version of consumer subscriptions launching this quarter. #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- Just saw first-ever live public demo of charging batteries over air! Congrats @ubeam @upfrontvc, that is crazy cool… 
\christine- Well done @Ltropf @immersedgames &gt; The Holy Grail of Education: Video Games That Teach via @forbes cc @intelcapital 
\christine- 'You don't think as hard while you're successful. The more successful you are, the less likely you'll repeat it.' &gt; @vkhosla #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- 'Being 1/750 to wear @Yankees uniform is priceless...when I was given opportunity to come back, I cried.' &gt; @AROD #UpfrontSummit cc @kcmaas 
\christine- 'baseball prepares you for biz...failing 70% of time puts you in Hall of Fame, so you learn to come back from failure' @AROD #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- #Miami 
\christine- 'the only way my side listens to liberals is if they open a vein &amp; bleed...self-destruction gets attention' &gt; @glennbeck #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- "Small minds discuss people, average minds events, and great minds ideas. We've been stuck on people." &gt; @glennbeck #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- hmmm.... :D 
\christine- More great investors at #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- '#1 reason millennial women leave jobs is more $...transparency on pay/workplace diversity isn't going away' @SallieKrawcheck #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- 'My investing in San Francisco companies is down by 90%...brainpower is not about location.' &gt; @mcuban… 
\christine- 'It's not Wall Street that keeps companies from going public. It's CEOs and their investors.' &gt; @mcuban #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- Nice reminder that I get to work with very talented folks... 
\christine- When the day all comes together in one spectacular tweet. 
\christine- 'An #eSports fan is worth $3, but a Lakers fan spends $40. How/when will that gap close?' &gt; @snoopeh #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- Shelf life of eSports player is short; no one says 'oh, you played video games? Let us bring you back to Harvard.' @snoopeh #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- .@peretti: 'we'd prefer to have a healthy relationship with a well-run govt' &gt; @msuster: 'but if you can't have that...' #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- 'Video is a major content shift. Video is the new HTML.' &gt; @peretti @BuzzFeed #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- 'Be deliberate about who you start a fund with...it's a 30 yr commitment, not 5.' &gt; @bfeld #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- Yeah @kentgoldman @upsidevc getting the innovation shoutout from @joshk @firstround 😎 #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- tfw it looks like everyone else in a room is at their school reunion, and your wellspring is too low for brightly inserting yourself #INTJs 
\christine- 'LA is now the 3rd largest startup ecosystem in the world...and 61% of those co's are started by immigrants' &gt;… 
\christine- Ooo, @calista has one of those too! 
\christine- 'I'd rather risk 100 workers in 1000s of companies at a time, then risk one employing 100,000' &gt; @PeteButtigieg #UpfrontSummit #SmallBiz 
\christine- 'often as funds grow, they shift strategy - corresponding shifts in LP base are normal, not a negative signal' &gt; @Beezer232 #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- "I'll be crystal ball-y, but with humility...I'm looking at manufacturing/workforce dev/wealth redistribution" @karanortman #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- "Not everyone can be a growth investor...it makes a mockery of our craft." &gt; @moodrowghani #UpfrontSummit 
\christine- Wheels up NYC -&gt; @upfrontvc! 
\christine- Tfw you absent-mindedly arrive (fortunately, early) for a meeting at the office that your founders recently grew out of 😄 @movableink 
\christine- Raise a reader. 
\christine- Nooooo! There goes another memory. 😣 
\christine- Just wow, @SallyQYates. Wow. 
\christine- Seriously? An Australian teen smart/qualified enough to get into @NASA @RocketCenterUSA SPACE CAMP doesn't pass… 
\christine- you GO @levie, you go... 👍 
\christine- Excited to see the results of these changes @StartX 
\christine- As if "loving America" has ever been (or ever should be) a requirement for being American, or for deserving equal r… 
\christine- GOP friends: even Cheney sees #MuslimBan unconscionable &gt; Dick Cheney Says Ban Is 'Against Everything We Stand For' 
\christine- #MuslimBan is not just an immigrant problem. As a 14th-generation American, I know this is not what my family (or any US patriot) bled for. 
\christine- Evidence that your propaganda machine is a success? Getting the media to call it 'alternative facts.' 
\christine- Venture sanity begins its return, via @Beezer232 
\christine- This one's for you @joshu 
\christine- The next 4 years will be a bull market for political satirists. 
\christine- great perspective from @bryce on making travel work, as a parent 
\christine- ROFL 
\christine- I &lt;3 national parks people 
\christine- Congrats @trinavanpelt and Tami Hutchinson! @GCVenturing @intelcapital 
\christine- Wow!! Congrats @twang @aileenlee @CowboyVC 
\christine- ese.@OKnox or give them some of these warm, two-day-old string cheeses 
\christine- Sign of a working mom #fail: handbag full of gold 7th birthday confetti &amp; scrunchies, but no pens/business cards for @gcventuring audience. 
\christine- perhaps @realDonaldTrump @POTUS can take a look at this? surely "America First" doesn't mean leaving trapped childr… 
\christine- Someone who mocks a Gold Star family doesn't feel bad about nuking the richest source of job opportunities for US v… 
\christine- the scale of worldwide #womensmarch photos from @nytimes is breathtaking 
\christine- I am a #womensmarch -ing, lego-elves-and-dragons-birthday baking-for-60 beast. Hear me roar. 
\christine- How to tell moms are pissed at our new administration: We march despite also having to bake today for a 30-kid birthday party. #WomensMarch 
\christine- How moms and minis hard core rally! 'My tummy doesn't hurt...I'm just tired and I'm wet and I'm hungry!' @calista… 
\christine- looking at old pictures of @calista to make me feel better, because trump. what an unproductive, obsessive, depress… 
\christine- Thrilled to see my favorite freaks at @TwoBitCircus level up... congrats @brentbushnell @egradman, &amp; welcome… 
\christine- Sigh. '@governorperry pursued Energy Sec role believing he'd rep US oil &amp; gas...he's since discovered job is to ste… 
\christine- SQUEEEEE! &gt;&gt; 180 South Airport Boulevard (by SFO @Costco), February 1st, @DunkinDonuts Boston Cremes to go. CHECK! 
\christine- thanks @ExTechChallenge for introducing us to amazing companies that are creating impact! @KiteVC @jeff… 
\christine- Thaddeus Wolfe *blown* glass via Volume @sfmoma #fog 
\christine- Amazing layers and texture, one of the best pieces here tonight ❤ Laura Owens via @sfmoma… 
\christine- When a shitty day is about to get better. 
\christine- Home. 😢 
\christine- Yes it will! Yum @goldbely 
\christine- Awesome. 
\christine- Such grace makes me proud to be American. 
\christine- Once again annoyed that I can"t just say 'alexa, add X' while in any random location. 
\christine- #drainingtheswamp only works if you stop adding water. transition team needs @USACEHQ stat. 
\christine- #gojoe 
\christine- once again being reminded how much I love @uberconference (and thinking maybe for extra $30/year I should bump up to @DialpadHQ) 
\christine- Congrats @ekp! Welcome news. 
\christine- Just locked my front door from @intel, since my cleaners texted they were done in SF. Effing awesome, @augustsmartlock @jcjohnson! 
\christine- THANKS @holidayinn Long Beach front desk, calmly rocking room keys to ~100 stranded/cranky @jetblue passengers tonight. appreciated by all. 
\christine- Checked in LAS 5PM. @jetblue delays = 54 missed OAK connex+NYC miss+1 LGB agent on hotel vouchers/rebooks=30 min line &amp; counting at 10:30pm. 
\christine- hey @JetBlue you have 60 people on delayed flight 179, that will miss connection to flight 448. just got notice you will NOT hold 448. HELP! 
\christine- Yeah @samsung @appetiteforgood...thanks for the awesome schwag!! Ready to play. #xtc2017 
\christine- Judges peacefully resolving the debate over the #xtc2017 semifinalists! #CES2017 
\christine- With 100% reusable waste, why would you NOT 3D print all small runs? 
\christine- Genius. #CES2017 
\christine- Sports = key vertical at @intel @intelcapital, if you couldn't tell. #CES2017 
\christine- wheels up for Las Vegas and #XTC2017! #CES2017 is possibly first one I had FOMO due to breakthrough platforms. I bl… 
\christine- YES THIS. #vc #diversity 
\christine- My daily life 😴 
\christine- The Sturgeon King has it!! Barney Greengrass FTW. &lt;3 
\christine- how a [former] self-made billionaire has become an anti-Trump role model 
\christine- Humbled that my fellow employees donated a collective $10M during Human Rights Week, netting $20M of donation match… 
\christine- Lemonade (or perhaps limoncello?): the official drink of 2017! 
\christine- Posting this here for anyone who has ever sent me an email... 
\christine- OH @calista and friend as they play legos, and learning that dragons like to eat fish and cookies. 
\christine- Yule log ❤ 
\christine- Fascinating. Scatter breadcrumbs of humility on your resumes, ladies... 
\christine- Sometimes I love the news headlines from home #floridaman 
\christine- Accepting that (just maybe) I am the best mom ever. #Santa #NoOnRealIcePowers2014 #NoOnMakeRealUnicorn2015… 
\christine- Sigh. 
\christine- Sure, let's gridlock NYC because you like sitting in gaudy chairs. Sure, let's close Southern every time you get ch… 
\christine- Coming together with the League of Extraordinary Women, happily saying goodbye to 2016 &amp; plotting next year. Thanks… 
\christine- ARGH 
\christine- WOW. Congrats @vivsharma @movableink on becoming the de facto email marketing standard! cc @intelcapital 
\christine- Great new product from @TwoBitCircus combines paper craft + electronics to inspire kids' engineering. Support today! 
\christine- Handy guide to @amazonecho and Google Home privacy management: 
\christine- Home me meets work me, and geek happiness ensues: @amazonecho + @intel FTW 
\christine- uh...say whut? 
\christine- HILARIOUS! (and accurate) mom must-see via @NayaHealthCo: #ifmenbreastfed 
\christine- Wish there was more than one of yourself? Great inspiration for how to organize a goal (and get momentum towards) s… 
\christine- Also @caldercho @peter @ElShanerino logical...water (hydrate), diet coke (caffeine), bubbles (glass of mom wine), eggnog (because holiday) 
\christine- All nighter last night for investment committee and @BritandCo board meeting prep...somehow results in 4 drinks at… 
\christine- Re buying 1st home (@noUpside @pt @km): split rent w/roommates/fiance from ages 17-35, saved for 5-6 yrs to chip in 1/2 of 10% down at 35. 
\christine- Someone had to go there...! @cdouvos working it ftw @bullpencap LPs. #imwithnasty #butitsstillfunny 
\christine- Fantastic show at the #JingleBall! Thank you @iHeartMedia, Peter, &amp; Joe! 
\christine- 'the goal of right-sized funding is so that a company can be disciplined...14 years of cash can ruin a company' -&gt; @omal #postseedconf 
\christine- thanks for a fun (if self-defeating) panel on undiscovered investment opps! another great #postseedconf @vatortv… 
\christine- About to dish at #postseed on where investors aren't (but should be) with @cpaik @michaelandma @playbigger @ericnewcomer &amp; Aeref Hilaly 
\christine- All right, who did this?! Left @inteledu #demoday 6:30PM. @calista crashes 6:34PM mumbling numbers. 🤔 @samlabs… 
\christine- Go @IntelEDU! Wild traction, kudos @ImmersedGames @KiraKira3D @SutoriApp @LearnComprendio @goprepflash… 
\christine- 'The toys a 5-yr-old plays with will dictate their interests for the rest of their life' &gt; @samlabs takes off this… 
\christine- Study faster/smarter by making flash cards from books/video/text: @goprepflash NLP and AI for both students &amp; corp… 
\christine- How do you take an algebra passing rate from 12% to 71% in one year? @LearnComprendio visualizes learning with real… 
\christine- Timelines not just for history: @SutoriApp collab storytelling now used by teachers/brands/media, hitting 3M (my he… 
\christine- Stop kids' #stem dropoff before it happens w/better quests: @ImmersedGames soft launches immersive world… 
\christine- Millions of test assessments done, 5x growth booked for next year...@FlashGrade giving teachers weekends back acro… 
\christine- 'see it to be it' is real: @calista drops ipad as @KiraKira3D CEO starts talk on enabling girl makers @IntelEDU… 
\christine- Kicking off @IntelEDU Demo Day with @Learnmetrics - 'teachers have plenty of data...they need insights.' 207 school… 
\christine- TFW you get excited about a headline, then realize it's news from back home as vs where you live now.… 
\christine- +1. Enjoy the absence of truant officers while they are young! ;) 
\christine- Fantastic collaboration! Congrats @TwoBitCircus @intel_ndg on 1st @kickstarter! I backed for @calista with my own $… 
\christine- Congrats to my favorite mom tech! @Nayahealthco is a #TheBumpBabyTech finalist at #CES2017! Add your vote here &lt;3 
\christine- Warrrriorrrs! Thanks @SanFranciscoVC @wilsonsonsini @warriors @RickWelts #vcnetwork 
\christine- OMG I LOVE IT...! Fantastic engineering and design! Congrats @getringly team @jetpea on creating such beautiful nex… 
\christine- Amazing. I'm in line for my diabetic grandma. &lt;3 @SirenCare 
\christine- The results are in! 👱 @christine: 1 🦃 turkey carcass: 0 🐶 @coledog: 💯 Happy Thanksgiving to all. 👫👬👪👭👫 
\christine- ROFL why I don't shop on Black Friday 
\christine- No one has "lost" an election with such a large popular advantage (@hillaryclinton now &gt;2M votes ahead, a &gt;1.5% lea… 
\christine- Here comes the calvary...I freaking love @Costco. ❤🦃 
\christine- Wondering if I should worry that this is now stocked at the SFO @Costco 🤔 
\christine- How often does it run over @bryce? Tips for 'calling it?' 
\christine- Can that apply to presidents-elect? 
\christine- Fascinating. 
\christine- I just backed Oomiyu | Build A Playful Paper Robot Owl on @Kickstarter 
\christine- Our first @Intel/@TwoBitCircus collaboration! Robots + papercraft = STEAM heaven. &lt;3 Oomiyu launches on @Kickstarter 
\christine- Love is plugging in other people's low-battery electronics when they forget. 
\christine- So honored to participate! 
\christine- Excited to support @UN Women's Entrepreneurship Day with @Claire0h @cmbechs @katmanalac @abarrica tonight #wed2016 
\christine- heard in a pitch discussion this morning: "huge" "de-normalized" "big league" #trumpeffect bleeds into silicon valley. 
\christine- heard in a pitch discussion this morning: "huge" "de-normalized" "big league" #trumpeffect bleeds into silicon valley. 
\christine- that robot knew exactly what it is was doing rofl 
\christine- Worst of @calista's face punch: "Mama, I don’t want to stand up for people if I’m going to get hurt” Best: people calling her hero today. 
\christine- Brilliant idea. Everyone can register. 
\christine- Having a single mom kind of day. At CPMC getting mom thru cancer surgery. On phone dealing with my 6-yr-old being punched in face at school. 
\christine- All of my inner nerds have become one with this @intel @TheRSC collaboration: 
\christine- Random props for @CPMCinSF - thanks for inexpensive and decent cafeteria. Makes spending day here a little better. 
\christine- Please @potus, save these families' lives with midnight regulation. Anything. 
\christine- I have an extra Time Capsule 
\christine- Looking forward to #postseedconf in two weeks - hands-down the most interesting investment stage 
\christine- start your engines! (remotely, of course) 
\christine- Ugh. 
\christine- More like young techies...rofl 
\christine- Um...yes, telling your students they will be 'sent back to Africa' is racist &gt; Teacher Suspended Over Trump Comments 
\christine- hmmm...doesn't Obama own the @POTUS handle personally? Hoping he keeps it, and/or passes it along to this nasty woman I know. 
\christine- If you agree, sign the White House petition here: Ask @POTUS to immediately appoint Garland to Supreme Court &gt; 
\christine- Yes this: 
\christine- TFW the Ministry of Magic takes over Hogwarts with a Death Eater -&gt; @RealBenCarson's Odd Plan for Dept of Ed via… 
\christine- Free as in open sourced, not free as in beer. Sorry, couldn't resist. ;) 
\christine- +1 
\christine- NO NO NO NO...! @UPS 
\christine- And now I'm also a @washingtonpost subscriber. Thank you for your tireless work, fact-checking, and integrity.… 
\christine- 'Earth's continuing rotation is not baseline of American society' &gt;@iamjohnoliver drops mic on 2016 #thisisnotnormal 
\christine- Brilliant. 
\christine- Happy to be a long-time print subscriber. Thank you @nytimes for your fact-checking &amp; journalistic integrity, even… 
\christine- Came home from Lisbon to find that lithium-ion battery in old work Macbook (unattended on desk 10 days) had done...… 
\christine- "Look for the helpers" - even six-year-olds want to protect their friends. Sharing love and gratitude this Veterans… 
\christine- Just bought both fun-colored (!) and silver #safetypin packs to share. &lt;3 on @amazon 
\christine- Home in US (but on Lisbon time) = sausage pizza, diet coke, &amp; egg custard pasteis de Belem for "breakfast" over twitter &amp; cartoons #winning 
\christine- Ditto! If anyone needs a #safetypin, there will always be a handful for sharing in my Mom Purse. Please take one. 👱… 
\christine- I had been thinking about this all day. Perfect, easy, patriotic. #strongertogether #safetypin 
\christine- Thanks!! Amazing event. #WebSummit 
\christine- 3 full-body patdowns &amp; 2 full suitcase unpackings on #websummit return. (60 min of TSA quality time = frantic connection.) Thx @united! 
\christine- Please RT. People need to see. 
\christine- Hilarious. Sad! 
\christine- Feeling like the speaker version of 'who wore it best?' (-&gt; backstage with @obrien @BeeZee @VentureBeat #WebSummit 
\christine- Girls Can Be Anything, Just Not President 
\christine- :| 
\christine- I hope the White House press corps enjoys what is likely the last regular briefing they will receive, for at least the next four years. 
\christine- 'I told you so' seems meaningless. 
\christine- PS Beyond geeked out that I am hanging with @Astro_Mike who TWEETED FROM FREAKING SPACE 
\christine- Getting ready to ring the @NASDAQ opening bell at #WebSummit - mixed emotions from all but here to witness with… 
\christine- Better me than You Know Who... 
\christine- Hoping that some of my European colleagues can teach us how to survive a dictator. 
\christine- Remembering KKK cross burnings &amp; pickups with rebel flags in my hometown. Feeling betrayed by vote proving we're not past. #floridanative 😔 
\christine- Lisbon. 3AM. CNN. I want to vomit. 
\christine- SO SATISFIED. you go, @RepDuckworth. No one more deserving of Americans' respect, and a role in our leadership.… 
\christine- Having found @paddycosgrave in the wild, like a rare pokemon 🐙 #websummit #nightsummit 
\christine- Thsnk you @lasyos! 
\christine- ROFL 
\christine- Have been trying to get taxi or etc from #websummit for 45 min. (Finally have an uberx arriving in 15 min.) Anyone have a trick for tmrw? 
\christine- First #websummit centre stage selfie! @Qasar @obrien @joshelman @christine + gloriously massive @WebSummit crowd… 
\christine- What happens when you tell @Loreal "whatever you think best!" before hitting centre stage #WebSummit 
\christine- 'Value creation happens before IPOs, not after, so money goes to private equity &amp; co's stay private longer.' @davemcclure @obrien #WebSummit 
\christine- 'as an angel investor you have to make at least 20 investments...hits are rare &amp; most things fail.' @davemcclure… 
\christine- 'You always need more capital than you think. Something will go wrong. People will say no.' &gt; @hollyhliu @kabam… 
\christine- Proud member. #gohillary #pantsuitnation via @voxdotcom 
\christine- Directing swim suit hunt for six-year old's SF swim lesson, from conference bathroom in Lisbon. #WebSummit #SingleMoms #GoHillary 
\christine- Fantastic to be invited back to #WebSummit! 
\christine- Talking both ends of startup spectrum today! Growth investing redux w/@albertwenger @christine @moodrowghani @jonathan_tower at #WebSummit 
\christine- Sigh. Well, it was a lovely 4 days offline. #GoHillary 
\christine- Tfw you are mostly unplugged for even a few days, porque hace un ano que tus ultimas vacaciones #nofilter 
\christine- Yay! @thetonetree @inteledu on Kickstarter! 
\christine- Looking forward to #postseedconf! 
\christine- Stunning. ❤ 
\christine- hmm...also @BMWSF service department gave great phone today. prompt and helpful answers in real time, super friendly, saved me $. 
\christine- while I'm playing consumer advocate: can't say enough good about customer experience at @therealreal. fantastic ordering AND returns. 
\christine- Disappointing. @dominos says can't make order right since not corp owned store. yet corp took order/quoted 56-66 mi… 
\christine- All the feels for @dominos social media team! Being saved from 10th hangup trying to get new chicken pecan salad. (… 
\christine- This is what happens when single mom are home on a Sat night, trapped by a kid clutching a pizza crust asleep in la… 
\christine- Hilarious. Hung up on 7 times so far. Maybe someone could call for me and say 'hello, can you please send driver ba… 
\christine- Now I like @McDonalds #7413 even more! Yay clean, lol. 
\christine- PPS @dominos would be super helpful if online ordering warned of long wait times. Food is tasty but user should kno… 
\christine- PS @dominos one of items is wrong. I am trying to call to get corrected and they hang up every time before I can ge… 
\christine- again, @dominos #8134? 110 min=cranky/hungry kids past bedtime. related: kudos @McDonalds #7413, years of perfect hot fries/fizzy @DietCoke! 
\christine- Surrealistic Night in an Enchanted Forest @dali17museum...amazing anniversary tribute, benefiting @montereyzoo. Con… 
\christine- With the Queen of the Fairies at @dali17museum Surrealistic Night in an enchanted forest (Redux) 🌲🍾🍸🌙🌲 
\christine- My 'woman crush' follow list grew: @SharonBrous @kimkatrinmilan @carowriter @nancypelosi @sanditoksvig &lt;3 #tedwomen 
\christine- hey @facebook, you know this is illegal, right? -&gt; Facebook lets advertisers exclude users by race 
\christine- Honored to learn from leaders @alananichols21 @carowriter at #tedwomen - welcome voices to Diversity Fund tent!… 
\christine- 'Leadership is about finding creative solutions to challenges...it's about resiliency.' Paralympic gold medalist @alananichols21 #TEDWomen 
\christine- 'I'm not supposed to care about racial violence because my kids won't get pulled over for driving while black.' @SharonBrous #TEDWomen 
\christine- 'We've become numb...job of religious leaders to pull people out of apathy &amp; into anguish: to give purpose &amp; hope'… 
\christine- On women in power: 'Let's shorten the distance between the inconceivable and the inevitable." @NancyPelosi #TEDWomen 
\christine- 'I thought it my responsibility as a mom that all children had same opportunity as mine. So I entered public servic… 
\christine- 'Surround yourself with aligned people, but avoid sametness.' &gt; Icelandic presidential candidate @HallaTomas #TEDWomen 
\christine- 'To win elections you need media, muscle, and money...but screw it. It's time women ran for office.' &gt;Icelandic leader @HallaTomas #TEDWomen 
\christine- 'We need to talk to girls about sex not in terms of risk and danger, but of responsibility and joy.' @peggyorenstein #TEDWomen 
\christine- 'I cannot let my family's deaths be reduced to a sound bite. They were killed for their faith...a terrorist attack.' @sbarakat210 #TEDWomen 
\christine- 'The US has 2 children's hospices. The UK (half size of CA) has 54. Americans don't accept when things can't be fixed.' Kathy Hull #TEDWomen 
\christine- What a perfect end to today's #tedwomen talks - thank you @linesballet for sharing your spirit and truths with us 
\christine- #respect #TEDWomen 
\christine- IL senator @markkirk both dishonors US war veterans, &amp; mocks generations of service by Daughters of the American Re… 
\christine- 'Patriarchy is not a system of boys and men. It is something that we all participate in.' @AshleyJudd #TEDWomen 
\christine- 'Just as the power of storytelling is growing, trust in the media is decreasing. This is not a good thing.' @Sisonkemsimang #TEDWomen 
\christine- On an abusive home, and an early (lasting) gift: 'If my parents couldn't protect me, my voice would.' @taylor_dayne #TEDWomen 
\christine- On professional sacrifice due to living outside the mainstream: 'I love what I do, but I love my children more.' &gt; @sanditoksvig #TEDWomen 
\christine- 'One of the reasons I came was because #TEDWomen said I could have 15 min to myself, which as a mum I will never get at home.' @sanditoksvig 
\christine- Some don't like my Diversity Fund news. To those I say: I will use my white/straight/DAR/mother/abled privilege how… 
\christine- #blacklivesmatter @opalayao @osope @aliciagarza @miabirdsong 💓 #TEDWomen 
\christine- True for all #allies: 'I can't walk in Jessica's shoes, but I can walk with her.' &gt; @KennedyOdede @jessrposner #TEDWomen 
\christine- SQUEEEE #TEDWomen (thank you @LinesBallet @karimbaer!) 
\christine- Happy birthday, @HillaryClinton! I think you know what I'm giving you, even without a public ballot pic. 📝⬅❤ 
\christine- Back in SF for #TEDWomen. I feel like I've finally been asked to prom! 
\christine- A-ha moment: VCs aren't shiny-chasers. We're addicted to 'new relationship energy.' Which works well, if timing investor to growth stage. 
\christine- Proud that @intelcapital is encouraging more founders to join the big tent! #LGBTQ #veterans #disabled #women… 
\christine- What's Next Under the Big Tent: $104M of Diversity Investing (and Counting)" by @christine on @LinkedIn 
\christine- thanks @ElianeFiolet @rodneybwilliams @venafi @sabhikhi @Ltropf for great dishing on startup diversity! #icapsummit 
\christine- All @intelcapital investors are now diversity investors! Proud to lead change w/@trinavanpelt @wenbrooks #ICAPsummit 
\christine- Women in Iceland protest country's 14 percent pay gap by leaving work 14 percent early via @WomenintheWorld 
\christine- Replicating myself in SD at #ICAPsummit (thanks @WillyDolan!) 
\christine- 'if you don't establish equality as a value early, you never will...startups need to prioritize setting their values' &gt; @Benioff #ICAPsummit 
\christine- 'sports is the most instrumented space in the world, so start here to understand movement...these learnings go everywhere' @RajivMaheswaran 
\christine- Still geeking out that @dwertheimer @RajivMaheswaran Uma Jayaram @vishal13 @dailytomtaylor are all here to dish immersive sports #icapsummit 
\christine- Efforts toward diversity *do* drive results @bkrunner #ICAPsummit 
\christine- 'I doubt we'll get into headsets heavily...VR opportunities lie in PCs powerful enough to run it, and in VR content' &gt; @bkrunner #ICAPsummit 
\christine- '@intel was losing our diverse population more quickly than others...I learned the goal was inclusion, not diversity' @bkrunner #icapsummit 
\christine- 'Being CEO is a unique position...I could see the only way to make a difference for diversity is with bold moves.' &gt; @bkrunner #icapsummit 
\christine- #sleepdeprivedmom #nofomo #icapsummit rofl 
\christine- 'Learning must take advantage of immersive experiences...world of warcraft, not fractured apps' @Ltropf… 
\christine- Beaming with pride as @intelcapital once again reaches unheard-of levels of conference diversity. #ICAPSummit 
\christine- In case you were wondering...yes, @intelcapital is doubling down on #AR #VR. Yes we are. 😎 
\christine- Thrilled by our second @IntelEDU accelerator batch! Glad you guys are here! &lt;3 @intelcapital #ICAPSummit 
\christine- 'we're going to take more active leadership roles &amp; more board seats...@intelcapital can do more to add value' @wenbrooks #ICAPSummit 
\christine- Thank you @Kimsstevenson for a fantastic discussion on why diverse teams are hard, worthwhile work! #ICAPSummit 
\christine- 'Boys praised for shouting answer + girls praised for raising hand/waiting turn = all voices not being heard' @Kimsstevenson #ICAPSummit 
\christine- 'Boy games: competitive/hierarchical/winners + girl games: cooperate/avoid conflict/no losers = workplace clash' @Kimsstevenson #ICAPSummit 
\christine- 'Evidence that diverse teams are more innovative? 45% more issued patents cite both genders, as vs men alone.' &gt; @Kimsstevenson #ICAPSummit 
\christine- Batting warmup at annual @Cal_Baseball alumni game, @kcmass looks effortless tho retired 20+ yrs. 50s. Wood bat. Pl… 
\christine- At #ICAPSummit today? Join @christine @trinavanpelt for a diversity &amp; inclusion lunch social! #women #urm #lgbt #veterans #disabled #allies 
\christine- Wishing I had a dark garage door. #jealous 
\christine- Epictetus is entirely underrated. Thank you @Columbia #corecurriculum. 
\christine- YES THIS. 
\christine- Early research shows lasting 'Trump effect' on children from his normalized racist bullying. I see it daily at K-2. 
\christine- Basically, a "dead cat bounce" applies to dead batteries, too. (Most useful post today!) 
\christine- ROFL...love this!! thank you @arinfishkin #StrongerTogether 
\christine- Please help @calista's class so that all of her friends have a chance to be math-powered! &lt;3… 
\christine- I wish I could buy a subscription for @nytimes @washingtonpost (and others) that had museum member-like reciprocity on site visits. 
\christine- So are the Emmys to blame for all this...? -&gt; Trump and the ‘Rigged’ Emmy Awards: A History of Snubs 
\christine- Proud to be a #NastyWoman. #StrongerTogether 
\christine- Hillary's face is the picture of revulsion. Well-earned by the Donald. 
\christine- Donald needs a spanking. Not the fun kind. 
\christine- you must understand if marketplace is promiscuous [ServiceMagic/Uber] or monogamous [DogVacay/Cleanify] to grow it &gt; @ekkeeton #SiemerSummit 
\christine- Sat down to lunch at #SiemerSummit and immediately began OCD twitching. 
\christine- Good night, K-town! @honam @christine @elainejlee @e_hsia @jayeum @simplepitch @john_nahm @kevinpark @magalbbq… 
\christine- Soju and kimchee for everyone! #SiemerSummit 
\christine- Boilermakers, k-town style! @john_nahm 
\christine- Out for BBQ with @john_nahm, unofficial mayor of K-town! @christine @honam @jayeum @e_hsia @kevinpark 
\christine- 'Regulatory is the pillar without which you can't build a #fintech company' &gt; @roryeakin @CircleUp #SiemerSummit 
\christine- Help Mrs. Sapper teach her bilingual Kindergarteners! via @donorschoose 
\christine- I think a surrealist costume feast is JUST what's needed now... 
\christine- Come out and get your dance on! Much beauty to be found mid-market @LinesBallet. 
\christine- Quiet tears. #EnoughIsEnough 
\christine- Why, yes...yes, I will. #StrongerTogether 
\christine- When you realize your child has attended too many tech conferences...she wants "movie and room service with mama" f… 
\christine- er...yeah, asshole. rape is a crime. &gt; 'if...there's no consent in the [sex] equation, then here come the rape pol… 
\christine- I'm possibly more upset about the Randomly capitalized Words. 
\christine- Fantastic initiative @DefyVentures: 
\christine- Apply to @highway1io! Applications for 8th class open soon: 
\christine- more fodder for the 'how young is too young for VR' debate 
\christine- more fodder for the 'how young is too young for VR' debate 
\christine- more good news for @scienceinc 
\christine- Half-watching Blade II while working on some deliverables. Did @TheStrainFX rip off its creature design? (Check out Nomak vs Quinlan.) 
\christine- LOVE. THIS. 
\christine- This is ridiculous. 
\christine- Get out and register, Florida folks! #vote 
\christine- tfw you dial in to an investor update call, and the hold music is @rickastley, and you wonder if it's really a #rickroll. 
\christine- You've got to love when @WarrenBuffett puts the hammer down. #TrumpTaxReturns 
\christine- About time. -&gt; @BillyBush, Host on @TodayShow Is Suspended by NBC 
\christine- Yay...! Science + @girlscouts + @POTUS FTW. 
\christine- Yes. Please! 
\christine- 'Donald hasn't spoken to Mike Pence about Russia and Aleppo, but he's talked to dozens of US generals. Right...' &gt; @kcmaas 
\christine- .@HillaryClinton isn't raising everyone's taxes...she's raising Donald's taxes. Seems fair. 
\christine- Genius. ROFL 
\christine- Donald: 'You go ahead Hillary, I'm a gentleman.' [entire country shakes as 126M women fall over, laughing] 
\christine- :| 
\christine- I love both of these women. #gohillary 
\christine- Tough call. @calista cries from worry at Donald, but I want her to learn why being a good person is important, and… 
\christine- 'If Plan A, B, or C doesn't work, there are 23 more letters in the alphabet." &gt; @thuymuoi @SheStartedIt #MVFF #startuplife 
\christine- Hot date for my film debut! @SheStartedIt #MVFF 
\christine- Thrilled to attend the @SheStartedIt premiere at #MVFF, with uberglamorous director @NoraPoggi! 
\christine- All of our Donald feels from @OfficialTLC. #noscrubs 
\christine- Well said. We should stand up for what's right because of simple human decency. 
\christine- Well, there you go. Shocker. 
\christine- We got lucky in Florida. #HurricaneMatthew could have been much worse. 
\christine- Fantastic series of tweets that both describe *and* back up why I support and endorse @HillaryClinton as our Presid… 
\christine- #hurricanematthew hitting home first. 😕 
\christine- Splash of beauty from the @acehotel LA balcony this AM. Wish we had more like this. 
\christine- note: does not have to be all in one year. 
\christine- the next wave of politics as long tail disrupts live TV: 'Pence won TV debate, but Clinton wins longer game online' 
\christine- tfw you step out of an onsite board meeting, for another company's emergency board call, during which the school nurse calls. #vclife 
\christine- This is awesome. 
\christine- Back at @acehotel Los Angeles. No chance they'd have to cut me free twice...right? via @pkedrosky #nofear 
\christine- 'We'll always have Pok Pok...' &gt; @neurorev @ryan_mcintyre @christine @TwoBitCircus 
\christine- See it to be it! &lt;3 
\christine- Finally, consequences. &gt; NY State Attorney General Orders Trump Foundation to Cease NY Fundraising via @nytimes 
\christine- Go time. 
\christine- 'Spirit of the law' cuts you slack. But it also means doing right when you don't 'have' to. 
\christine- Just got my first diversity fund inquiry from a US military vet. Thrilled that we can help crack open Silicon Valley for these folks. &lt;3 
\christine- The only thing more awesome than @erabek's cookies: how embarrassed he was that I caught him delivering said cookie… 
\christine- Secret perk of the @IntelEDU accelerator: @erabek drops off tubs of homemade cookies. Now I know...thanks… 
\christine- Fantastic initiative. Kudos @Refinery29. 
\christine- The first rule of a knife fight is that win or lose, you're going to get cut. Manage conflict before it happens. 
\christine- So this just happened...@tyrabanks @christine #remake 
\christine- 'If you're a woman looking for a new career, a pivot has to start with side hustle first. Take care of the bills.' &gt; @tyrabanks #remake 
\christine- Me: 'this is how you show love to a 6-year-old.' OH: 'THAT is how you show love to a 23-year-old! I wish my mom wou… 
\christine- What makes you feel like a #girlboss? #remake2016 
\christine- Thrilled to meet @SylviaAcevedo of @girlscouts at #remake2016! I even earned a patch. 😎 
\christine- Excited that today kicks off @BritandCo #remake2016! Maybe I can finally solve mystery of why @tyrabanks (speaking at 5pm!) follows. 🤔 
\christine- Maddening. 
\christine- .@annimaniac @beninato @aileenlee @kirstenagreen @christine_tsai @KatieS @MarHershenson @wildkatbarr make that Notorious AMK and I'm in 
\christine- “To the men amazed Clinton hasn’t snapped: Every woman you know has learned to do this. This is our life in society… 
\christine- OG @firstround CEO summit 👍cc @ericwheeler @arijacoby 
\christine- :) 
\christine- I don't make this stuff up. :( 'Mama, is the reason I haven't seen Maya in a long time because Donald Trump moved her away?' @calista 
\christine- 'Donald Trump is bad. Maybe more people will vote for @HillaryClinton if they see a cute little kid like me wants t… 
\christine- Word. 
\christine- 'I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt'....makes you less racist not. #GoHillary 
\christine- I kind of wish @HillaryClinton would refer to Donald as 'Mr. Drumpf' instead. #gohillary (h/t @TheDailyShow ) 
\christine- you know, there's usually a *reason* the IRS audits you every year. just saying. #GoHillary 
\christine- Donald saying 'we have to stop the violence' while he encourages violence at his rallies is ludicrous. Please. #GoHillary 
\christine- It's my honor to pay taxes. I'm blessed to be American, use our roads, send my child to school, and be protected by our military. #GoHillary 
\christine- #GoHillary 
\christine- +1000 
\christine- the balance of computer interaction moments has shifted from long periods [PCs] to micro-interactions [a la @amazonecho] @markrolstonargo 
\christine- still unending stream of Q's/ideas for @amazonecho VP from the other panelists. not sure if he is sufferiing or thrilled. #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- human-machine interaction panel turning into alexa feature request session for @amazonecho VP. from other panelists. ROFL #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- experiences that are creepy in real life are magical in a microcosm; eg. @Disney cast wishing happy birthday by name #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- wishing that I were a human-machine interaction designer, instead of a VC. FASCINATING. thx @davidrose @markrolstonargo #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- Magical enchanted objects preso via @davidrose. Best: flashing umbrella (rain today!) &amp; conf table that IDs meeting… 
\christine- My 'try every weird flavor potato chip you find' habit continues 
\christine- '@la_Barbecue's brisket is so good, it sanctifies the eating of the flesh of the cow' @satijathoughts (at Teji's...not at bbq) 
\christine- .@UPS opened 3D printing offices globally (US, Singapore, more) to speed delivery &amp; reduce inventory. More corporate innovation done right. 
\christine- 'Instead of No and Why, we try to push Yes and How...that's why we're working in 3D printing.' @standeans @UPS #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- 'Moore's law is not a physical law. It's an economic law.' &gt; @HeikeRiel #nanotech @IBMResearch #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- AI is safe for humans, if no one builds a self-sustaining machine. What happens when someone does?… 
\christine- Fun to see @SBREurope @NaoRobot (formerly Aldebaran Robotics) at #GigaomChange2016 cc @intelcapital 
\christine- Drones: what happens when robots pick flying as their superpower. ('If you could have any superpower, what would it be?') 
\christine- Solid jobs/economy POV: 'Robots don't take jobs away from anyone. Robots take tasks...the work we do shifts." @meloneewise #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- 'today it costs $40K for a robot to lift a gallon of milk..that's still the price of mechanical arms.' @meloneewise #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- 'a robot opening doors &amp; plugging self into outlet is groundbreaking; autonomy &amp; intelligence are still here' @meloneewise #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- Everyone is America. I'm both confused and furious that every American doesn't get it. 
\christine- +1! 
\christine- I am Queen of The Google! Research on dangers of #VR false memory in children: Quick read i… 
\christine- Pro of new MacBook Air: light enough for purse = no backpack. Con: Less heat than old MacBook Pro = no lap warmer fighting icy session room. 
\christine- I've started responding with "and what are you going to fill the holes with?" Good answers = coffee on my calendar. 
\christine- 'we need to be careful when children use VR...it imprints on immature brains as a real, remembered experience' @skydeas1 #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- 'Why don't women keep VR headsets on as long as men? We're uneasy when we can't see what's going on around us' @mmormanful #GigaomChange2016 
\christine- When corporate innovation is done very right...kudos @GEHealthcare @Disney 
\christine- Thrilled to see @BritandCo with @Target...2 of my favorite brands! Just in time for birthday party season (3 this w… 
\christine- TFW you get the panorama to work with you in it #stanfordgsbalumni #sierracamp #nofilter 
\christine- ICYMI @intel + @Apple 
\christine- I *have* always wondered. :O 
\christine- Answers to these Qs should be mandatory. Public US companies require same/FCPA compliance from employees annually. 
\christine- This is what I get for trying to find someone with a cassette player/cd burner. (It's for a friend, I swear!) 
\christine- Sent a text and discovered Android does not recognize "vcr," so autocorrects to "virtual." Ordering a walker. 
\christine- Pro tip: selecting '@wilsonsonsini San Francisco' in @Uber app goes to a satellite office. It's lovely. :| 
\christine- Go @nayahealthco @JanicaAlvarez3 !!! Awesome @startx entrepreneurs. 
\christine- literally 20-30 min between declining a pitch (not a fit) and an email newsletter/being added to mailing list. nothing good comes of this. 
\christine- Waiting breathlessly for pundits to dissect who coughed on @HillaryClinton last week, and whether or not she inhaled. 
\christine- Early, promising days on a long-term plan to drive tech inclusion. Good to see. &lt;3 @intel @OUSDNews 
\christine- Letting my Southern girl freak flag fly... Chicken &amp; chips, and fish in cornmeal with Old Bay.… 
\christine- memory of apt. full of friends glued to TV. cooked &amp; fed all day as they kept coming. all I knew to do. #neverforget 
\christine- What brought me joy this weekend: @kcmaas @calista @TheAlabamaBand steamed rugs &amp; stray kites. Pausing to note. You? 
\christine- when you hear something unacceptable: 
\christine- Hear that. Women don't lack gravitas or competence if we smile, and don't lack heart or empathy if we don't. 
\christine- You'd think after 14 yrs in venture, I wouldn't suffer fellow VC comments on my weight or importance of my curves at a board meeting. Nope. 
\christine- Check. 
\christine- Astonishing result from blind resume reviews by tech companies. Should this become a best practice in hiring? 
\christine- YES!!! Kudos to @NASA @OSIRISREx on getting it done. 
\christine- Checking my makeup kit...yep, me too. :| 
\christine- No @WashSpirit, gay rights are not a 'personal cause.' They're human rights. Shame on you, Bill Lynch. 
\christine- or OK not to lead biz side; founders/VCs should align on "what hats are you taking off as you grow" before wiring $ 
\christine- Maker/talker is a state of being, not fixed. Not all founder-CEOs lead product forever. 
\christine- How I curate a salon guest list for great conversation: 50/50 makers/talkers 
\christine- ROFL #vclife 
\christine- The inside scoop on the @intel @movidius acquisition, via @wenbrooks @jonfortt 
\christine- A point of light for your Sunday sky, via @nytimes 
\christine- yeah, that's how we roll around here... 😎 
\christine- VC inside valuations, explained. Note that methodology choices even vary by company *in the same fund* @skupor 
\christine- perhaps the most useful piece of press I've seen this week: 
\christine- FINALLY. Back to basic (and effective) soap and water. 
\christine- just enrolled @calista at @SFUnified. only 'calista' in 1st grade; 1 of 2 from ~550 students at her school. #babynames #winning 
\christine- Addressing physical barriers to virtual world success via @WIRED 
\christine- OK, NOW the shark has jumped. :( #BurningMan 
\christine- Good walk-through of VCs' growing focus on post-money valuations (hint: it's your seed notes/SAFEs) via @robgo 
\christine- AKA 'why I went to work at @intel/@intelcapital' 
\christine- ROFL #linux25 
\christine- Crap. Thankfully, Palm Beach can spray (single-family homes easier to crop dust than high-rises.) #zika 
\christine- this one's for you, @kcmaas! 
\christine- .@SanJoseSharks fans MUST sign up for next year's @AubriBrownClub fundraiser. Every auction outing is with a star. 
\christine- Nice outcome @thehugoawards, hat tip @neilhimself for rejecting Puppies' dogpile when accepting Sandman win 
\christine- When @bryanadams comes on the radio, and you and @kcmaas turn into a @JKCorden episode. #cutslikeaknife 
\christine- YIKES. Glad I went home *last* month. #Zika #Miami via @MiamiHerald 
\christine- Developer-toolkit-ready drones...it had to happen! Love this @intel. 
\christine- Random #tbt: @MicrosoftSV being the only Bay Area tech conference center with nursing mom facilities, and how welcoming it felt #startxvip 
\christine- #startxvip night! Congrats to all @StartX companies, and thanks to our sponsors. ⬇ 
\christine- Best customer service EVER @sunglasshut #5176 in Burlingame...thank you Itzal! 
\christine- Hm....I think that makes itcheers to big-big homie @RussellOkung! 
\christine- Like any parent: 
\christine- Yes, please! 
\christine- These games look amazing...what every parent needs on tap via @SAI cc @ImmersedGames 
\christine- These games look amazing...what every parent needs on tap via @SAI cc @ImmersedGames 
\christine- OK, this is pretty cool...via @intel #IoT 
\christine- Tech tweet of the week from @netik! #IoT 
\christine- when, just before virtuous retiring without sweets, you realize that 2 quarts of @ColdStone ice cream bought Friday are untouched in freezer 
\christine- Pretty sure these cancer survivors (and gala speakers) are the bravest grade schoolers I've ever met. @hackcancerSF 
\christine- 'this is the 1st time I've pitched in a gown...I'll have to do every time' @shelleyjanes @SideDoorInc #hackcancer 
\christine- Hoodies off! Pitch judging @hackcancerSF gala with @davemcclure @charlesmyim @MoniqueWoodard @christine @adeoressi 
\christine- FullPen treats to go! @bullpencap keeping team well-fed via @lovewithfood 
\christine- I want this now, for both me and @calista...non-invasive biodata? Finally, we can 'chip' our kids! &gt;:) 
\christine- #YesWeCan 
\christine- Oh, @JimStLeger... 
\christine- This investing by @NASA is amazing. Very few technologies change our basic concept of 'being human.' #jealousvc 
\christine- Fascinating data analysis from @drob reveals identity of Dr. Jekyll vs Mr. Hyde tweeting at @realDonaldTrump. 
\christine- Yes and yes. 
\christine- Look who stopped by @SFGiantsCamps today!! @calista #giantscamps 
\christine- Wow @PalominoSanFran 75 min and still no order taken? 45 min for menus? Meh. 
\christine- Great opportunity for social tech to get exposure @techcrunch disrupt: 
\christine- .@googleexpress order is now two days late ("in transit" still), with no update or response from customer service. what gives? 
\christine- Noting that @googleexpress is great for @Costco, but terrible with @PetSmart. Still no word on when Sat delivery going to arrive. #fail 
\christine- file clerk lawn mower library aide babysitter receptionist waitress bartender #firstsevenjobs 
\christine- Perfect. 
\christine- Some beauty from the universe for your morning: 
\christine- Sigh. #defcon 
\christine- Now inhabiting the #LHC: Schrodinger's cat. 
\christine- OG @HillaryClinton supporter, SXSW 2008 #TBT #ImWithHer 
\christine- ICYMI, we *really* love drones. 😍 
\christine- I'm thrilled to work with @ImmersedGames @LearnComprendio @HstryOrg - welcome to the @IntelEDU @intelcapital family! 
\christine- Both hilarious, and genius...is foot recognition more COPPA-compliant than facial? 
\christine- So much love in NYC! @jts @christine Linda Kozlowski @charlesforman @sohohousenyc 
\christine- when 💩 Migration Asst/Data Transporter/CrashPlan/Sharing/Thunderbolt/network connect all fail, so after 18 wasted hrs you resort to USB 💩💩💩💩 
\christine- 'If we celebrate top athletes at White House, we should do same for best scientific talent' &gt; @POTUS sciences up DC 
\christine- Do your kids like @PokemonGoApp? They can build their own AR version with @vidcode - cc @intelcapital @IntelEDU 
\christine- this is a FANTASTIC idea, and shouldn't be limited to tech: let's respect everyone's right to VOTE! 
\christine- Thanks @Claire0h @joshk @shanictaylor @dylan20 @waynesutton @JoshuaBaer! Up next: diversity as cross-sector effort. 
\christine- Raccoons in my house 3X this week...! -&gt; WTF Is Happening With Raccoons In SF? via @SFist 
\christine- When traffic is so bad, you feel comfortable doing repairs with superglue from the driver's seat. 
\christine- GREAT list of people to work with! -&gt; The Top 13 Seed Investors in Silicon Valley via @subes01 @Inc 
\christine- More good things inside @intel @intelcapital 
\christine- Excited that @trinavanpelt and I get to foster more diverse investing across @intelcapital! 
\christine- Well, that does it...no more apples for a while! 
\christine- Cheering on the home team with @kcmaas...go @SFGiants!! #ATTPark 
\christine- Great advice for @PokemonGoApp security 
\christine- Rofl yes!! 
\christine- Hey @Cleanify...not cool to tell me you are going to charge me more for regular Monday AM cleaning AFTER too late to cancel without penalty. 
\christine- so @HillaryClinton, try #buildbridges for your next slogan...seriously, let the marketing folks at it. ;) 
\christine- hillary: build bridges [or at least, it should be] 
\christine- Well-played, @NBA...well-played. --&gt; citing discrimination, NBA moves All-Star Game from North Carolina 
\christine- After more news insanity, keeping this handy as political stress relief. Thank you @flotus @MissyElliott @JKCorden 
\christine- Mind blown...just what I needed. (HOLLA!) -&gt; @FLOTUS Carpool Karaoke @jkcorden #flotuscarpool 
\christine- Why it's important to have great founder-investor chemistry 
\christine- 'Invest in zero-sum markets; customer buying your product = not buying competing product' @DollarShaveClub @pakman 
\christine- 'Fashion has always been innovative...now harness tech to grow in ways you never thought your brand could go' @nycsf 
\christine- founders...PLEASE don't add investors to your mailing list without our opting in. dozens go to spam daily and interfere with legit comms. 
\christine- excellent post on next-gen entertainment from @TechCrunch @rezendi, highlights many current investment themes 
\christine- Amen to this. 
\christine- Congrats @movableink on a great hire! 
\christine- Enjoying frustration of sitting just outside @AmericanAir gate for 30 min, while connecting flight prepares to depart. :( 
\christine- Who's stalking who @Gannett? @MeganMFinnerty @RaySotoVR @macwarrenDC @lizkellynelson @christine @kcmaas @wafflehouse 
\christine- So glad to be home, and to pitch in with @onenation! 
\christine- Look out....@calista and the rest of the next-gen innovators are coming! 
\christine- 11am -&gt; 10:30pm en route, bag delay 12:30am. Fortunately @DunkinDonuts takes airline vouchers. @kcmaas @calista 
\christine- Excited to help foster innovation back home! @onenation @usatoday @Florida_Today 
\christine- 4th call w/@united premier to fix auto removal of my 6 yr old from rez tomorrow. agent says too bad, my fault for not adding profile prefs. 
\christine- En route to @YxYY and grateful to be getting Yes at a time when we desperately need it. :| 
\christine- How can our government not change the laws that let this happen? #angrymom #PhilandoCastile 
\christine- Women in Hardware Happy Hour with role models Anna Shedletsky @moxxlyinc &amp; @jgillrob at @StartX (with @calista!) 
\christine- Having just realized that my office is closed today. #calendarfail 
\christine- Hence my deep, abiding live for both @NASA and @uberconference 
\christine- Thanks again (and congrats) to @NASA for their inspiration, and reminder of our common humanity 
\christine- And just like that, I'm a @JohnCena fan. 
\christine- 'If I survived, it must be for a reason; I do something because in my place, someone else could have been saved.' 
\christine- Guess why this is my favorite 'top investor' list. (And no, it's not because I am on it.) ;) 
\christine- Fascinating US:Canada cultural comparison included: 
\christine- It's about time...! @HLMorgan at #TEDSummit 
\christine- This is a fantastic read! 
\christine- Finishing a surreal day at @intel diversity &amp; inclusion offsite, capped by a tribute to trailblazer @rozhudnell, who opened doors for many. 
\christine- fantastic new release for Alexa users from @amazonecho 
\christine- They've redacted "turning no to yes in bed," but too late. @MensFitness should be ashamed. 
\christine- Yep. #brexit 
\christine- Can we get these in Maui?! @KiteVC 
\christine- I'm looking at you, @brentbushnell.... 
\christine- 'As a VC you can sustain multiple failures, but not missed opportunities.' &gt; @VilliSpeaks @OrangeFab 
\christine- OK...you *really* have to respect this lady. @RepDuckworth 
\christine- 'I can't rely on M&amp;A [in today's market] for liquidity. I have to believe an asset can go all the way.' &gt; @VilliSpeaks @OrangeFab 
\christine- You can't help but respect this lady. @RepDuckworth 
\christine- Wondering why #blockchain matters? Where startups can drive disruption, in one slide @dtapscott #bcr16 
\christine- 'Privacy is the foundation of a free society, and we need to own our identities' &gt; @dtapscott on personal data #bcr16 #BlockchainRevolution 
\christine- Teeing up the #BlockchainRevolution with Robertson Stephens @business @dtapscott @KiwiGordo #bcr16 
\christine- Looking forward to the livestream! 
\christine- Fascinating move - more CPGs getting into venture. Add @KelloggsUS to the growing, impressive list: 
\christine- Congrats to @joyent team! 
\christine- I just heard the term #manel, and am ROFL. Quietly tucking away to re-use. 
\christine- Holy crap. Be safe, neighbors. :( 
\christine- Ah, found the original @chumby post! :) 
\christine- .@chumby I have one of 200 handmade alpha units handed out at FOO Camp 2005 (2006?)...still lovingly kept. &lt;3 @bunniestudios 
\christine- Setting up @amazonecho Dot. Nightstand has been analog since @chumby passed away, too soon for its time. Take 2! 
\christine- OMG OMG it's real! Now...for the right forum to say "I'd like to play my woman card," and thwack it down. 
\christine- contender for this year's Coolest Dad award...didn't spill beer OR wake the toddler! 
\christine- YUM: just ordered @schallerweber 'brats from NYC on @goldbely! Get $15 off and start grilling: 
\christine- My high school student:counselor ratio was 3000:1. Explains form letter college rec. (@Columbia took me anyway! &lt;3) 
\christine- 'Great Britain won't exit the EU. They're really just looking for an option refresh.' -&gt; @JedKatz 
\christine- &lt;3 (and I'm not even an investor!) 
\christine- Stoked for this parental update to hit my @geteero! Checking off the last feature on my wish list. 
\christine- Lost in a plaid amoeba with @joshelman @kentgoldman @bubba via @VentureCrushSF 
\christine- 'User traction data is well-articulated love for a product' @omal @joshelman @VentureCrushSF 
\christine- Excited to be @venturecrushsf, but most excited by @hunterwalk's bright blue fingernails #vcswag 
\christine- No surprises here. 
\christine- The trifecta is complete! @amazonecho dot finally off back order, now to try the full echo/dot/tap experience. 
\christine- On the other side of the school barbell...@calista's first day of @iDTechCamps Junior Roboticist Camp! 
\christine- So proud of my stepdaughter @DeirdreNewton for picking up her master's in polymer science today. &lt;3 
\christine- Saw X-Men this weekend, and bemoaned how unrealistic the Phoenix cameo was. Date requested explanation. Oh, where to begin. 
\christine- 'When users are unhappy &amp; can't explain why, they express dissatisfaction via tangential, trivial feature requests' 
\christine- tickled to see @calista's home page B-roll debut at via @prestotablet 
\christine- Historic..."Commander in Preach" ROFL 
\christine- 'b/c it’s fund #5, it strikes people that we’re real' congrats @jeff @stephpalmeri @chudson @Bandrew @ashleyqcravens 
\christine- 'The 1st woman to be a major party presidential nominee can never be perfect. She’s had to play the game too hard.' 
\christine- your inbox is no longer distinguishable from the web - @movableink 
\christine- tonight @calista asked 'mama, can I be President?' and 'mama, will people vote for me?' And I got to say yes. #imwithher 
\christine- Thank you @CA_Dem for inviting no-party voters in, so I can vote @HillaryClinton...again! #gratitude #ImWithHer 
\christine- Getting sporty with @kcmaas and @PaulKuharskyNFL at @HavenRooftop @Columbia 
\christine- Hostesses with the mostest! @Columbia reunion 
\christine- Back to my home-away-from-home @NYLONYC &lt;3 
\christine- just met a founder that I *really* want to invest in. she has no idea how amazing her company is. 
\christine- First alumni dinner for the @inteledu accelerator! @erabek @esbroers @intelcapital 
\christine- smelly/sticky dirt/blood/sap/ice cream/@hersheys/ketchup/twigs passed out pre-bath in my clean sheets w/@neilhimself 
\christine- smelly/sticky dirt/blood/sap/ice cream/@hersheys/ketchup/twigs passed out pre-bath in my clean sheets w/@neilhimself 
\christine- pivots: changing business base (customers) = revisit whole biz - @500Startups @Selcukatli 
\christine- Congrats @geteero! (And thanks for doubling my home wifi reach...) 
\christine- Yes, you CAN use a next-gen exoskeleton to play "quit hitting yourself" @otherlab orthotics #geekongeekbullying 
\christine- PRL is where I learned that height affects product design...it's better to lathe than drill press if you are 5'2" 
\christine- eager to meet rising women at tonight's @stanfordwib accelerator panel with @intelcapital @startx @ycombinator investor/founder pairs! 
\christine- Feeling obscurely pleased to break out 'robotics' and 'IOT' on my list of contact tags. At last! 
\christine- VCNetwork at @SFGiants - thanks @SanFranciscoVC @TheBrennerGroup @firstrepublic @AndresYungo56 
\christine- 'mama, can you type in girls toys to @Amazon? there's really no difference between girl and boy toys, but Amazon thinks there is' - @calista 
\christine- Cognitive dissonance for @sampullara: VCs in fairy guise #periwinkle @peteryared 
\christine- another great #startxvip night! 
\christine- Excited to see my old IDMM coach @FlinkChris take the @exploratorium reins! Perfect fit, congrats all around! 
\christine- I gave up on picking a favorite @cdouvos quote by 3 minutes in, so just WATCH, and marvel as you learn: 
\christine- congrats @talbot @relayventures on becoming the *official* authority on mobile! #strictlymobile 
\christine- .@kevinweil watch out for @thirdweil...@calista constantly Katy Perry-bombs me "Alexa, play Katy Perry!" 
\christine- Our new woman crush is @dolby Head Scientist Poppy Crum...violin, monkey brains, neuroscience, mom, symbolic systems FTW. #powerwomen 
\christine- 'Playing a powerful woman is a rare and wonderful thing' - @MalinAkerman @TheWrap's #PowerWomen Breakfast 
\christine- I'm not sure where this woman's education failed more...cultural insensitivity, or inability to recognize math? 
\christine- one of my founders crushing so hard on @jeff_jordan, I am sure he puts hearts above the j's inside his notebook 
\christine- Only at @goldbely...office visit schwag of @CatulloMeats chiduckey @IvarsClam @AngelinasofMD &amp; @DetStylePizzaCo 
\christine- Yes, thanks @brady @realDavidAustin @highway1io! 
\christine- Swooning over the bites at #modernist with @TheDannyNewton @j168k @MayChow @Belle_Jewels 
\christine- Best political brouhaha byproduct ever. The Woman Card, accepted by no one anywhere. I got mine! ROFL 
\christine- Just went back to @JumpstartMD and lamenting my wasted baking skills at breakfast. @doughertym: 'you're like an alcoholic bartender' 
\christine- Meeting the entrepreneurs of @Sephora Accekerate with @lacey_maas...excited to see more great women entrepreneurs! 
\christine- Yep. Now I'm post-seed FTW. 
\christine- Lessons for all working women, and a handy unconscious bias tool (https://t.co/kNkTlirZQQ) for referrals/intros. 
\christine- Why does your funding runs out despite "profitable" sales? Excellent math lesson from @msuster: 
\christine- Strong showing of character by @Pinterest @8en...making HR choices not because something's legal, but because it's fair. Too rare. #HBSA 
\christine- It's like @comcast knew that my yesterday was steaming horse poo, and I needed surprise &amp; delight. Thanks @XFINITY! 
\christine- It's official, my founders are awesome. (Hey @JoeAriel, when will this be on @goldbely?!) #GameofThrones 
\bhorowitz- I had great fun with @briankoppelman talking about all this stuff. 
\bhorowitz- Let's go @katie_haun @emiliemc and @jenntejada !!! Represent Represent!! 
\bhorowitz- A great thread tweet storm from my partner @ali01 
\bhorowitz- Let’s go! 
\bhorowitz- This is a great combination! Let's go @caffeine! A great honor to be working with @Drake 
\bhorowitz- . @ProfThomas Your students are amazing! I cannot wait to see what they do in the world! 
\bhorowitz- I had a great time speaking to the young men at @Morehouse with my guys @pauljudge and @ShakaSenghor . Thank you… 
\bhorowitz- I am very excited to be working with the legendary Uncle Ralph on this!!! 
\bhorowitz- It's about that time! 
\bhorowitz- Let's go!! 
\bhorowitz- I had a great time talking to @msrachelhollis 
\bhorowitz- There are broadly two adoption paths for new computing technologies. Inside-out technologies are pioneered by estab… 
\bhorowitz- Really good and important linguistic point. 
\bhorowitz- Let's go Jules!!! 
\bhorowitz- Talk that talk @davidu!!!! 
\bhorowitz- That was great fun. Thank you for coming to Cali! 
\bhorowitz- This story is so amazing: @pmarca @a16z @m2jr 
\bhorowitz- Let's go @unitedmasters !! 
\bhorowitz- This is an amazing interview. @shondarhimes is the rare genius who can fully articulate how she does it. 
\bhorowitz- Massively excited that you are coming!!! 
\bhorowitz- I am looking forward to speaking at the Commonwealth Club tonight! 
\bhorowitz- Congratulations Lo!! 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- We lost @BernardJTyson, but I am so glad we had him . Still I miss him so much. 
\bhorowitz- My podcast with @GayleKing on #WhatYouDoIsWhoYouAre 
\bhorowitz- Thank you M.S.! 
\bhorowitz- Fun time at @FastCompany with my guy @ShakaSenghor 
\bhorowitz- I had a great time on the @breakfastclubam talking culture with @cthagod @angiemartinez and @djenvy. Many thanks to… 
\bhorowitz- Whatever may come next in life will have a hard time comparing to be being blessed by The God. 🙏🙏🙏🙏 
\bhorowitz- Nothing beats a shout out from the man who invented the term 🙏 
\bhorowitz- 🙏 
\bhorowitz- Thank you for reading it and the very nice tweet! 
\bhorowitz- Always fun to catch up with @karaswisher on @recode Decode: 
\bhorowitz- "Thanks to @alexavonttobel for hosting me on @inc's Founders Project Podcast this week: 
\bhorowitz- 🙏 
\bhorowitz- There is nothing that we're doing that's more exciting than investing in @TmunityTx to help fight the war against c… 
\bhorowitz- Thanks Marty! 
\bhorowitz- I talked about my new book on the @JordanHarbinger show 
\bhorowitz- New book excerpt: 
\bhorowitz- Thank you Chris! 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- I had fun on @twentyminutevc 
\bhorowitz- Thank you @GayleKing for having me in your show @CBSThisMorning 
\bhorowitz- Thank you @ShakaSenghor for teaching me so much about how to build and change culture 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- Looking forward to talking about my new book on @CBSThisMorning 
\bhorowitz- Thanks Erin! 
\bhorowitz- I talk about my new book on the @tferriss show 
\bhorowitz- Thanks Freddy!! 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- R.I.P. #24. Raider great and great person. 
\bhorowitz- Thanks Fab!! 
\bhorowitz- Thanks Ryan! 
\bhorowitz- Thank you brotha. It literally could not have happened without you. 
\bhorowitz- I wrote a new blog post, Which Way Do You Run? @a16z 
\bhorowitz- Thank you Brad! 
\bhorowitz- Introducing @sisudata 
\bhorowitz- Thank you! 
\bhorowitz- Thanks Raj! 
\bhorowitz- Thanks Donnel! 
\bhorowitz- Thank you! 
\bhorowitz- Here is why I wrote my new book and where the money is going: You can order it here: @a16z 
\bhorowitz- October 29th for everyone else, but available for pre-order now 
\bhorowitz- I am really excited about @julesyoo!! She brings the deep bio knowledge, entrepreneurial experience, super smarts a… 
\bhorowitz- Thanks Anish! 
\bhorowitz- Thank you John! It's great to be on the same team with you!!! 
\bhorowitz- Thank you! 
\bhorowitz- My man @pmarca brings the knowledge: 
\bhorowitz- I am excited about my new book coming out this month! In short, I wrote it to help an organization do what it needs… 
\bhorowitz- Let's go!! 
\bhorowitz- Thank you! 
\bhorowitz- I wrote a new post on the relationship between CEOs and CFOs: @a16z 
\bhorowitz- Go @FeliciaHorowitz !! 
\bhorowitz- Once again @arampell comes strong with the credit card knowledge . . . fascinating! 
\bhorowitz- I appreciate that! @ShakaSenghor 
\bhorowitz- I appreciate you listening! 
\bhorowitz- First post from my newest partner! 
\bhorowitz- Go Nana! 
\bhorowitz- Thanks Wes!!! 
\bhorowitz- Thanks Fab!! 
\bhorowitz- Let's go!! 
\bhorowitz- I am fired up about our new podcast. If you or someone you know needs to get up on the new tech platforms to get ou… 
\bhorowitz- Worth the wait! 
\bhorowitz- It was a great thrill to interview the incomparable @DapperDanHarlem . Please enjoy his amazing entrepreneurial ins… 
\bhorowitz- Let's go!! 
\bhorowitz- What You Do Is Who You Are #NowPlaying 
\bhorowitz- It was great fun discussing our 10th anniversary with @stewart. We've been working with him since before we started… 
\bhorowitz- I am super excited to be part of @Superhuman @davidu @rahulvohra 
\bhorowitz- Such an amazing trailer and @stewart wrote the song himself! 
\bhorowitz- If you want to understand venture capital, I highly recommend @skupor ‘s new book 
\bhorowitz- I appreciate you @bfeld 
\bhorowitz- Important news for new founders from the @svangel the most helpful investor that I know of: 
\bhorowitz- Many of you know my friend @FABNEWYORK from Yo MTV Raps, but to me his unmatched comprehensive historical knowledge… 
\bhorowitz- I feel like we've been waiting for this product since we started the firm. I am very excited that it's here and we… 
\bhorowitz- New book alert!! 
\bhorowitz- “Sometimes the truth is hard to swallow and to say too, but I graduated from that bullshit now I hate school.” - Li… 
\bhorowitz- Go Jen!!!! 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- actually need leadership to make decisions that everyone agrees with. 2. He is genuinely committed to privacy in ge… 
\bhorowitz- Love him or hate him, Mark Zuckerberg is demonstrating two important things by moving Facebook in this direction: 1… 
\bhorowitz- Now that the resulting organizational changes have been made and two extremely senior executives have departed as a… 
\bhorowitz- the current backlash against them. 2. Facebook is famous (and sometimes infamous) for its public social network, s… 
\bhorowitz- 1. If a social network is truly private via end-to-end encryption as Mark Zuckerberg specified, nobody including Fa… 
\bhorowitz- When Facebook decided to fully embrace a completely private social network I knew that the… 
\bhorowitz- Congratulations @mattflannery and team! 
\bhorowitz- I am excited to be working with David George! 
\bhorowitz- My guy @SteveStoute breaks down the music industry, the marketing of culture, and a whole lot more 
\bhorowitz- Nice podcast with @withfries2 and @HarryStebbings 
\bhorowitz- It was great to be at the Anti-Recidivism Coalition with my guys ⁦@ShakaSenghor⁩ and ⁦@FABNEWYORK⁩. Shaka and team… 
\bhorowitz- What @ShakaSenghor says is so important. 
\bhorowitz- The world is changing ⁦@SteveStoute⁩ ⁦@unitedmasters⁩ 
\bhorowitz- It's not really fair to other people that @FeliciaHorowitz just turned 53 and is prettier than she was when she was… 
\bhorowitz- Even in a Gucci suit, I am still not half as dapper as @DapperDanHarlem. Happy birthday @FeliciaHorowitz 
\bhorowitz- This is still one of the best speeches out there: . So important in a world where people th… 
\bhorowitz- Great interview with the O.G. @MichaelOvitz 
\bhorowitz- How we can move from "don't be evil" to "can't be evil" by @cdixon 
\bhorowitz- I had a great time discussing the future of healthcare with @BernardJTyson, CEO of Kaiser Permanente 
\bhorowitz- A great explanation from my partner @jessewldn on how blockchain architectures are evolving and what the future mig… 
\bhorowitz- The amazing @conniechan with another great post. 
\bhorowitz- A very sad day to see Jim pass. He was a great man who taught me so much about how to live. @NationBuilder 
\bhorowitz- My man @skupor on the dual class share fight and the unintended consequences: 
\bhorowitz- I am excited to be investing in and joining the board if TripActions 
\bhorowitz- I am excited to be investing in and joining the board if TripActions 
\bhorowitz- This product is truly amazing. Congratulations to @rsingh68 and team! 
\bhorowitz- Let’s go!!! 
\bhorowitz- It was a great honor to be in Harlem with the legendary @DapperDanHarlem at his shop. @JelaniDay @FeliciaHorowitz 
\bhorowitz- I am so excited to welcome @davidu!!! In addition to being super smart, he is our kind of leader 
\bhorowitz- This is an amazingly touching and interesting story about a girl living in fully modern world in Silicon Valley and… 
\bhorowitz- My podcast with the O.G. @MichaelOvitz 
\bhorowitz- This book is outstanding. Great stories and honesty from a legend. 
\bhorowitz- An awesome opportunity to be a fly on the wall . . . 
\bhorowitz- Go @FABNEWYORK !! 
\bhorowitz- Thanks ⁦@fredwilson⁩ ! 
\bhorowitz- Super interesting thread by my partner Alex. 
\bhorowitz- Really good interview by Kevin Maney of @cdixon 
\bhorowitz- I will be going on at 4:20 PM Not sure if that was intentional on their part :-). 
\bhorowitz- I am very excited to have Dan on the team!!! 
\bhorowitz- I am excited to have Dan on the team!!!! xhttps://a16zcrypto.com/2018/09/dan-boneh/ @cdixon 
\bhorowitz- I am looking forward to seeing every one at @TechCrunch today! 
\bhorowitz- Thank you Triple O.G. Your words and wisdom are like diamonds for us and we appreciate you so much. 
\bhorowitz- I am very excited to announce The Cultural Leadership Fund. Thank you to @ChrisLyons for le… 
\bhorowitz- I am very excited to be investing in @8ennett and Wonderschool @jeff_jordan 
\bhorowitz- I know our new General Partner is going to be great, because she is @conniechan 
\bhorowitz- Welcome Liz! 
\bhorowitz- That's the analogy that I always dreamed of. 
\bhorowitz- I am ridiculously excited about our newest GP, @katie_haun 
\bhorowitz- Avocados that last twice as long 
\bhorowitz- When your man your guy your brotha your mellow drops the album of the decade and you are there to see it 
\bhorowitz- A tremendous break down of one of the greatest poets of the century featuring himself @Nas 
\bhorowitz- Congratulations team @github !! 
\bhorowitz- Go @GLIDEsf 
\bhorowitz- Great and optimistic piece from @vijaypande on the future of healthcare 
\bhorowitz- Great interview with @johnzimmer 
\bhorowitz- That's what I like about @qhardy. 
\bhorowitz- This is seriously thought provoking and I am impressed that a young man (undergraduate at my alma mater) wrote it.… 
\bhorowitz- So now we're banning art: . Who is next? Michael Jackson? Led Zeppelin? Are there any arti… 
\bhorowitz- Finally, something accurate on where we are with AI from someone who actually knows what he's talking about: 
\bhorowitz- My friend @ShakaSenghor knows way more about this than the so called experts. 
\bhorowitz- In this David vs. Goliath fight, I am betting everything on David aka @jimmychen 
\bhorowitz- This album is going to be pure magic. 
\bhorowitz- Let’s go!!!! 
\bhorowitz- Nice description of what @signalfx does in @Forbes 
\bhorowitz- This is me and my late father in law, the great John Wiley. My guy. Rest in peace my dude. I love you forever. 
\bhorowitz- Oh man, new @Nas !! 
\bhorowitz- Let's go @unitedmasters !!! 
\bhorowitz- Proud to have been a keynote speaker at Haiti Tech Summit 2017. #reboothaiti #haititechsummit #Haititechinfluencer… 
\bhorowitz- It was my great honor to spend time one of the greatest boxing trainers in history and a personal hero of mine, Fre… 
\bhorowitz- Welcome @andrewchen !! @a16z 
\bhorowitz- That's what's up @LarsLuv 
\bhorowitz- The news about Caffeine is out!! @benkeighran 
\bhorowitz- Great story on @pindrop @martin_casado 
\bhorowitz- This 9:30 am PST/12:30 pm EST 
\bhorowitz- Let's go!! 
\bhorowitz- This is going to be real talk . . . 
\bhorowitz- Great insights from my partner @martin_casado on a concept that few understand. 
\bhorowitz- Go @MichelFeaster !! 
\bhorowitz- Going to the rock with @ShakaSenghor and @QD3 gave me a whole new perspective. 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- This is a very big deal @databricks 
\bhorowitz- Many of your have asked me what @SteveStoute is up to. Here it is: @PulseofCulture 
\bhorowitz- Really interesting post from @FeliciaHorowitz on our visit to the refugee camps in Jordan 
\bhorowitz- A visit with his majesty King Abdullah II. We brought him a signed copy of @Oprah ‘s book #WisdomOfSundays… 
\bhorowitz- Go @InstartLogic !! 
\bhorowitz- Post is now live on @a16z with the right title and the paragraph that Quartz edited out: 
\bhorowitz- I wrote a new post about the first rule of leadership: @a16z @qz 
\bhorowitz- Just made a donation to Jim Gilliam 
\bhorowitz- Go @lyft !!!!!! 
\bhorowitz- I wrote a new post on @NationBuilder 's new CEO @leaendres. @jgilliam 
\bhorowitz- A great honor to be featured on one of my favorite blogs by the thoughtful and inspiring @tylercowen 
\bhorowitz- An honor to see young Chancellor Bennet perform at the Hollywood Bowl. Even better to spend time with his wonderful… 
\bhorowitz- Congratulations to the pound4pound champ on his well deserved retirement @andreward 
\bhorowitz- Nothing better than super advanced, fairly priced financial services for working people. @Activehours @arampell 
\bhorowitz- A great entrepreneurial story from @Tonjebakang . This is what it's really about 
\bhorowitz- I wrote a new blog post on why it's a good idea to pay sales people commissions @a16z 
\bhorowitz- Excited to have new backers in this great company @databricks 
\bhorowitz- Go Michel!! @MichelFeaster 
\bhorowitz- I wrote a new post on how to tell the truth when the truth is very bad news @a16z 
\bhorowitz- It was a great honor to host my old friend @DMiliband of the @theIRC . He is a true international hero. 
\bhorowitz- A new post by @LarsLuv. Listen up!! 
\bhorowitz- This is fantastic h/t @Noahpinion via @youtube 
\bhorowitz- I am super excited to be working with @jorgeconde__ !!! 
\bhorowitz- I agree with this. You kind of have to be in market and trying to make money and get to the next round before it ma… 
\bhorowitz- I second that @NaithanJones. His work is a gift for all of us. Thank you @Passionweiss for brightening the day. 
\bhorowitz- I wrote a new post on distribution @a16z 
\bhorowitz- A great profile on @jeff_jordan 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- Getting ready to speak at #HaitiTechSummit. Looking to Toussaint for wisdom and inspiration. @FeliciaHorowitz 
\bhorowitz- How rough is it when the Dominican Republican expels you from the country for having Haitian… 
\bhorowitz- I am excited to be in Haiti, home of my hero Toussaint L'Ouverture. 
\bhorowitz- We met with Marie Evaligne today, General Secretary of SOFA, the leading feminist organization… 
\bhorowitz- We met with KOURAJ, the leading LGBT advocate group in Haiti. Courage is definitely the right… 
\bhorowitz- A great honor to hang out with Nas, the G.O.A.T. From the BBQ to Live at the BBQ. He is the best. 
\bhorowitz- Here comes the API Economy 
\bhorowitz- New post from @LarsLuv 
\bhorowitz- @Foursquare 
\bhorowitz- I have worked with @pmarca for over 2 decades, but I am still impressed with just how many many things he knows: 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- My man @Nas breaking down It Aint Hard to Tell with Professor Lisa New thanks @Dude_Br0 for putting this together. 
\bhorowitz- Here is my talk at the UCLA Distinguished Speaker Series: 
\bhorowitz- The Story Behind Felicia Horowitz's Stunning Dress From The Wearable Art Gala | BLAVITY 
\bhorowitz- I don't know that we've invested in anything more important than a user friendly safety net. I am proud to be assoc… 
\bhorowitz- A captivating life story plus some interesting original thoughts on inclusion from @NaithanJones 
\bhorowitz- A clear explanation from @OrionHindawi on @Tanium news 
\bhorowitz- Good luck to @bchesky and team fighting regulatory capture! 
\bhorowitz- This post by @FeliciaHorowitz is really good and the video of her singing is everything: 
\bhorowitz- My thoughts on @okta @toddmckinnon and @fkerrest 
\bhorowitz- Great essay from @cdixon . . . a new perspective on the history of computer science. 
\bhorowitz- Congratulations @apoorva_mehta and team! 
\bhorowitz- My talk on Culture and Revolution 
\bhorowitz- Marc is back to answer your questions!! 
\bhorowitz- Moving post by @FeliciaHorowitz on invisible threads and returning to Africa 
\bhorowitz- An amazing 5 minute speech by an incredible entrepreneur @pauljudge 
\bhorowitz- From Andy Grove's niece: 
\bhorowitz- 3/Bad news is that I got so many emails, that I need to raise the price to $100, so that I could get some of my regular work done. 😮 
\bhorowitz- 2/More good news, is that @21 is setting things up so that I can quintuple match it which will bring the total to: $8,160 @BlackGirlsCode 
\bhorowitz- 1/Good news is that @21 and I raised $1,360 for @BlackGirlsCode in the last couple of days answering email. 
\bhorowitz- I replaced my public email address with a profile: All proceeds donated to @BlackGirlsCode 
\bhorowitz- Nice post by @jasonrosenthal on hard tech startups 
\bhorowitz- A new post from @johnzimmer and @logangreen on the end of traffic 
\bhorowitz- A great choice to head the FDA will be @balajis ! I hope he gets it as he will surely save 100s of thousands of lives. 
\bhorowitz- A great overview of Improbable launch &amp; Spatial OS @HermanNarula 
\bhorowitz- So exciting that people can try Spatial OS, a transformational product! Congrats @HermanNarula and @Improbableio 
\bhorowitz- Big deal for @Foursquare! Congratulations @JeffGlueck @dens and team! 
\bhorowitz- I cried! 
\bhorowitz- This is an amazing post from @FeliciaHorowitz 
\bhorowitz- Two in the box only works for shoes. 
\bhorowitz- Go Nas!!! 
\bhorowitz- Nana is fired up! This is a great post … @FeliciaHorowitz 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- An honor to have the great @SteveStoute join the @Genius board. 
\bhorowitz- Nice post from @johnzimmer on the future of transportation 
\bhorowitz- I am so impressed with how @apoorva_mehta and team have grown market share while running a tight ship financially. 
\bhorowitz- Now that's a valuable degree! @udacity 
\bhorowitz- I am very excited about Point and this amazing innovation in the housing market @arampell 
\bhorowitz- Here's an eBook of the blog posts after THAHT 
\bhorowitz- . @algierz @Dreymann @WSJ @pmarca @a16z @skupor He gets all credit and all praises due!!!!! 
\bhorowitz- This is so true. LPs understand this stuff 1,000 times better than the @WSJ 
\bhorowitz- . @StephenNellis It's weird that you think that the extremely smart managers at these LPs don't know anything. They know everything. 
\bhorowitz- . @StephenNellis @WSJ The marks ARE regulated. The regulation allows for 3 different methods. The LPs get tons of info beyond marks. 
\bhorowitz- Is a mark a return? Nope. Not even close @a16z 
\bhorowitz- I am so proud of and impressed with @4thlettermusic . He is an inspiration to me. 
\bhorowitz- Look at @FeliciaHorowitz with her SuperSoul self!!! Get 'em girl!!! #SuperSoul100 @OWNTV 
\bhorowitz- New podcast with me, @pmarca and @skupor on what's next 
\bhorowitz- Podcast with me and @skupor on option exercises, incentives, and the whole hairball of issues 
\bhorowitz- John's thinking here was and is so contrarian that it's still hard to believe. True genius meets legendary courage. 
\bhorowitz- This is an incredibly important and often overlooked component of prison reform. 
\bhorowitz- Congratulations to the @anki team on a very exciting new product !! 
\bhorowitz- Really good post by @skupor on the perils of not thinking this all the way through 
\bhorowitz- Same night, same fight @FeliciaHorowitz @juleshorowitz @SteveStoute 
\bhorowitz- Barefoot Networks -- software eats networking protocol implementations 
\bhorowitz- Dinner last night with @ShakaSenghor and Admiral John Richardson. Two great leaders in different fields. 
\bhorowitz- Me and Jungle birthday night. Nothing better than that. 
\bhorowitz- Things are getting very interesting with @21 and @balajis 
\bhorowitz- I am excited to be working with our great LPs on a new fund! Fund V 
\bhorowitz- stevestoute's photo 
\bhorowitz- 1982-83 Berkeley High Yellow Jacket Football Team. Yes, we are old, but if you want some, come get some. 🏈 
\bhorowitz- 
\bhorowitz- Giant props to my guy @4thlettermusic for going from "crack to rap to corner offices" !!! Great work!! @TheRhymeo 
\bhorowitz- Greatness recognizing greatness @FABNEWYORK 
\bhorowitz- It's one thing to have an idea and a another to have a team take that idea and make it 100X better. Thx @a16z team! 
\peterfenton- Thinking at the edge of software investing, our partner ⁦@chetanp⁩ – Go Slow to Go Fast: Software Building and Inve… 
\peterfenton- The book I most heartily recommend to everyone I work with is now properly available on Amazon thanks @mattmochary… 
\peterfenton- Worth reading if you’re building or curious about the future of micro services and infrastructure software @wm 
\peterfenton- Nothing compares to the sense of possibilities at the beginning thrilled to be back in business with @jeffseibert… 
\peterfenton- Developers now have a way to create RPA with the freedom of open source and cloud-native technology @RobocorpInc, 
\peterfenton- Excited to join @aikarjal on the board at Robocorp! 
\peterfenton- Charlotte Perriand exhibit @FondationLV LVMH foundation 😍 a genius who obliterates grandiosity with her forms and e… 
\peterfenton- It’s in vogue today to dismiss even ridicule Hadoop and @acmurthy explains what’s beneath that doesn’t change and c… 
\peterfenton- Great to see and feel! @SFOpera take flight and soar with @MatthewShilvock and team 
\peterfenton- For the nearly all data that is timeseries data..a compelling new offering from Timescale 
\peterfenton- Thrilled to serve the clarity of purpose of @sketch to unlock the potential of a design and designers and the world… 
\peterfenton- Must read post from @elastic Founder/CEO if you have any curiosity about opensource and its evolution in the cloud 
\peterfenton- RIP Mary Oliver I Go Down To The Shore I go down to the shore in the morning and depending on the hour the waves… 
\peterfenton- Voting yes on prop C. nobody is offering a better alternative today. Failure to act means further avoidance of huma… 
\peterfenton- First concert ever for birthday girl Natalie, thank you @Joshua_Redman @BrianBlade and @SFJAZZ we will remember the… 
\peterfenton- A product suite that delivers a major victory in the war on complexity now can reach even more scale, congrats to… 
\peterfenton- From the moment I met him on the @elastic board @chetanp stood out as a once-in-a-generation investor and partner t… 
\peterfenton- A brilliant move by GV and a great day for the dozens of future breakout successes @jess will enable! 
\peterfenton- Here’s an idea for @JetBlue — start to offer “dogs welcome” flights in your inventory, so customers with and withou… 
\peterfenton- Our latest investment all thanks to @sarahtavel vision 
\peterfenton- #Elasticon @kimchy keynote — astonishing what a global radically decentralized engineering team creates, a counterp… 
\peterfenton- Thrilled to be working with @acoustik and @michaelfreedman - meteoric adoption over the last 9 months of… 
\peterfenton- Great opportunity for female founders to meet with an exceptional investor audience 
\peterfenton- Congrats to Spencer and the entire @CockroachDB team on the 1.0 launch - the database of the future available today… 
\peterfenton- Overjoyed for @EmmanuelMacron and France, the smartest, most progressive leader I've met in Europe, transformation… 
\peterfenton- Compelling reinvention of personal services referrals where friends know best, big launch today! 
\peterfenton- One of the most important papers of the last few years: how social relationships (# and type) impact lifespan 
\peterfenton- Thanks to @quora for the opportunity to answer questions last week -- such a vibrant engaged community 
\peterfenton- Best time of year in big sur 
\peterfenton- Breakthrough new offering @newrelic projectseymour: algorithmic feed for your application (ML, Anomaly detection,ro… 
\peterfenton- Avalanche of new products from @sweetlew and @newrelic at #FS16sf congrats to all the leaders who made it happen!!! 
\peterfenton- Overwhelmingly positive news for the venture industry @jesskah @sequoia fully expect Jess to be the best of the new… 
\peterfenton- I'll follow @scottbelsky wherever he goes -- total clarity of purpose, commitment to the magic of company building 
\peterfenton- From day 1 until today @btaylor and @kevgibbs @molly_g and team @quip brought grace, integrity, and passion for the product to everything 
\peterfenton- Remember the first meeting with @btaylor and @kevgibbs in a tiny shared office whee @quip born "do you think we're crazy to do this?!!!" 
\peterfenton- To @btaylor @kevgibbs @molly_g and the entire @quip team congrats and onwards to the next 500m dau!!! 
\peterfenton- Latest satellite from #SoberanesFire in big sur ominous 
\peterfenton- Air space for #SoberanesFire 
\peterfenton- Donald Trump’s terrible Mike Pence speech showed us Twitter at its best via @Recode 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: #Wimbledon2016 
\peterfenton- Twitter live @ #Wimbledon 
\peterfenton- So perceptive @eladgil --&gt; entrepreneur driven vs thesis driven a profound dividing line 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Will's first soccer match ! He loves Portugal 
\peterfenton- Feel blessed to work with @btaylor and now on the Twitter board!!! One of the truly great thinkers in our world at so many levels 
\peterfenton- Want to support @RepJohnLewis’ historic sit-in? Call your member of Congress right now. #NoBillNoBreak 
\peterfenton- Great interview: @Xavier75 combines unparalleled generosity with a breakthrough education model via @VentureBeat 
\peterfenton- Recommend following @MatthewShilvock leading @SFOpera into a new generation of relevance for the art form and the city 
\peterfenton- Awestruck by this @SFOpera Don Carlo!!! Must see! 
\peterfenton- Captivated today by the work of @mjmauboussin (@bgurley) if there was ever an argument to be on Twitter this is it 
\peterfenton- So worth the trip to Ashland, OR to see #hamlet thank you @osfashland 
\peterfenton- RIP Tom Perkins. Will always remember our long dinners this last year: grace, wisdom, and curiosity. Young at 84. 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Scott at benchmark annual meeting 
\peterfenton- ICYMI @JeffBezos last week, nobody comes close 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: French open 
\peterfenton- The seine #flooding 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Morning run to school in 6eme Paris 
\peterfenton- The most human of instruments 
\peterfenton- Genius human lens inwards and outwards 1900-1940 must see Paul Klee @centrepompidou 
\peterfenton- Loving Twitter in Marbella, live odds at the end of the 3rd #OKCvsGSW 
\peterfenton- And the commentary tab perhaps better for a retweet :-) #GSWvOKC 
\peterfenton- Twitter feels electric on #GSWvsOKC filter, ensures I stay wide awake in Paris - the best seat in the house! 
\peterfenton- I cannot overstate how profound free advanced software education is to anyone with a desire to learn preregister 
\peterfenton- the biggest innovation in engineering education in our lifetime @42born2code now in the US *thx* @Xavier75 
\peterfenton- Welcome to the @twitter board, @IamDebraLee! excited to see the positive impact you will have :-) 
\peterfenton- If you read one thing about the venture-capital, technology investing landscape this year, this would be my reco 
\peterfenton- If you died and went to ski heaven this is where you'd be @TordrilloHeli 
\peterfenton- Best time of year in big sur 
\peterfenton- Columbia House of Horrors: How &lt;/em&gt;Not&lt;/em&gt; to Run a Subscription Business via @recode 
\peterfenton- Welcome to the @Twitter board, @marthalanefox and @hughjohnston excited to work with you both :-) 
\peterfenton- Little race #ParisMarathon 
\peterfenton- Little race #ParisMarathon 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Morning run to school 
\peterfenton- 
\peterfenton- Ski heaven @cmh_heli thank you!!! 
\peterfenton- Thanks @mattturck for the invite to #datadrivennyc refreshingly deep, focused topics 
\peterfenton- Thank you @devialet the branch makes them complete! 
\peterfenton- Must visit @BigSurBakery if you're in big sur and try to spot Michelle 
\peterfenton- virtuous cycle of explosive consumer demand, creating 70,000+ jobs in a country @ 11% unemployment can be nurtured or killed @manuelvalls 
\peterfenton- Ominous to hear the VTC car hailing apps (uber, lecab, snapcar) at risk of crippling regulations in France due to taxi strikes @manuelvalls 
\peterfenton- So adore Citymapper -- gives you superpowers in Paris, as essential as an ATM or uber 
\peterfenton- So adore Citymapper -- gives you superpowers in Paris, as essential as an ATM or uber 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Morning run to school Paris 
\peterfenton- .@jeremys on #Periscope: Backstage for Colbert! 
\peterfenton- The @BerlinPhil app worth downloading if you love classical music: Digital Concert Hall 
\peterfenton- ICYMI electric team performance 
\peterfenton- The Tetons Rock! Follow @AvyInstitute (the maestro sarah here) for snowpack info 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Climbing the Tetons 
\peterfenton- Teton pass 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Merry xmas from Jackson hole 
\peterfenton- Twitter's magic: a chance meeting with the legendary skier and photographer today and as expected he's big here @jimkchin 
\peterfenton- Wise counsel from @sweetlew after 1 year as a public CEO 
\peterfenton- Congrats to everyone @SFOpera on the total success with #diemeistersinger couldn't see it just once 
\peterfenton- A little higher... 
\peterfenton- Flying high 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Now morning run to school 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Morning walk to school 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Running to school Paris 
\peterfenton- New Apple hq 
\peterfenton- Body in Big Sur heart in Paris -- Laura &amp; kids all ok, devastated by the loss, no city more courageous than Paris 
\peterfenton- back from the edge of extinction, condors still need our help, consider donating @ventana_WS 
\peterfenton- Zuora's Tien Tzuo Had A Big Idea For Software To Drive The Subscription Economy -- He Almost Blew It via @forbes 
\peterfenton- congrats @mnaficy and @Minted on the launch of digital invites -- crowdsourced design now digital! 
\peterfenton- how long until polls have more than 2 choices? 
\peterfenton- Can't overstate how positive this is for @twitter!!! Heroic move by @jess 
\peterfenton- Happy Halloween 
\peterfenton- OH from a @benchmark founding partner on @jack: "probably the greatest act of selfless leadership I've seen in 35 yrs in the valley" 
\peterfenton- Actions define us, @jack leadership shows us once again anything is possible when you sublimate self interest 
\peterfenton- #opencurtain how common are major "set malfunctions" during a production? Any fun recent stories? 
\peterfenton- one of the many ways @jack leads, giving back! the magnitude of his donation is truly extraordinary 
\peterfenton- the resonance between @patrickmoran, @btaylor, @kevgibbs, @molly_g at @quip makes me feel lucky to be in their orbit 
\peterfenton- occasionally you work with someone so exceptional they transform your definition of success in a role, @patrickmoran is one of those people 
\peterfenton- Twitter's new Exec Chair @omidkordestani unparalleled in his ability to attract/motivate the best, he's passionate about the future @twitter 
\peterfenton- ICYMI a Great White ate a seal by Alcatraz yesterday -- and to think we swim there 😬 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Big Sur sunset 
\peterfenton- Good Morning! 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Walking to school in Paris 
\peterfenton- Thanks Twitter Ireland for hosting me today, vibrant energizing culture @stephenpmc 
\peterfenton- Paris garbage strike 
\peterfenton- 
\peterfenton- Icymi profound evidence against sugar and high fructose corn syrup from leading neuroscientist @jrhodes03261972 
\peterfenton- Fearless, determined, deeply connected to the purpose of Twitter -- @vijaya embodies what we love about Twitter 
\peterfenton- Inspired by the energy and clarity of purpose for Twitter that @jack brings as permanent CEO, even more so after a full search 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Big Sur Sunset 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Military air base in France 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Versailles 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Going to see @solomonstre from docker in rural France :-) 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Morning run to school 
\peterfenton- 
\peterfenton- A trip around the world before going to bed thx @periscopeco 
\peterfenton- Reminded of advice that a hero of mine gave me on the core duty of a board: structure, strategy, and staff 
\peterfenton- Fatality on 6th/market 
\peterfenton- Hortonworks acquisition furthers Apache momentum to data in motion 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Boating 
\peterfenton- Big Sur good morning 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Boating home 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: On the bay 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Lake Tahoe 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Nevada mine 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Flying home 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Flying home over idaho 
\peterfenton- Minted enters $100 billion home goods market with design crowdsourcing, congrats to @mnaficy and team @minted @inc 
\peterfenton- watching LIVE on #Periscope: Grand Teton Music Festival Percussion Ensemble 
\peterfenton- And one more 
\peterfenton- Flight from San Francisco to Jackson Hole this morning 
\peterfenton- Love this conversation between @Seahawks and @EAMaddenNFL 
\peterfenton- Future apple campus today 
\peterfenton- Heard the @DEVIALET phantom speaker today and time stood still....French mathematician wins again Fourier, Dirac, now Pierre-Emmanuel Calmel 
\peterfenton- Our flight today on #Periscope: SF by air! 
\peterfenton- watching LIVE on #Periscope: GD50 Grateful Dead Fare Thee Well night1 @monihampton #gratefuldead 
\peterfenton- Great interview with @Lisette_Oropesa moments before her 4 hr marriage of figaro performance @SFOpera Live backstage 
\peterfenton- Transcendent building and experience @FondationLV 
\peterfenton- just pulled out of my uber in a garage at Charles-de-Gaulle, the driver mauled by taxi thugs, awful 
\peterfenton- LIVE on #Periscope: Mt Shasta by heli 
\peterfenton- Good Morning 
\peterfenton- Heavyweight support for Bitcoin/@xapo from Visa Founder Hock, fmr Citibank Chairman Reed, fmr Sec Treasury Summers 
\peterfenton- lamenting the state of movies, we watched Barry Lyndon...if you haven't seen it this might inspire you: 
\peterfenton- Back on the protector 
\peterfenton- The tension and opportunity in the tenderloin -- great analysis by @levynews 
\peterfenton- congrats to @opdemand and @engineyard, @opendeis on the inspired combination! 
\peterfenton- Big Sur wildflower season 
\peterfenton- Big Sur wildflower season 
\peterfenton- Startup central in paris 32 rue Blanche 
\peterfenton- So love the search icon --&gt; live trends in latest twitter update: @kevinweil @christianism @aroetter &amp; teams building the twitter we want! 
\peterfenton- Thank you @2Montille and @de_montille !!! 
\peterfenton- Next time you're in Paris, cheat on your low carb diet with a visit to @painpoilane 
\peterfenton- This interview perfectly captures why I've dreamed of working with @stewart since we met at flickr in 2004 
\peterfenton- Arresting data and analysis from @ttunguz: The Runaway Train in Late Stage Fundraising 
\peterfenton- 5/ No question that the industry has failing marks for diversity. We must fix it. And we all share in that responsibility 
\peterfenton- 4/ Current and future leaders like Mary Meeker, Rebecca Lynn and Jenny Lee prove that 
\peterfenton- 3/ Deeply sorry that my quote failed to properly convey. To be clear, the venture industry only gets better with diversity. 
\peterfenton- 2/ "risk" is not hiring the best. The sentiment I tried to convey is that I found the perspective that diversity creates risk appalling. 
\peterfenton- Big Sur Now 
\peterfenton- Congrats to @jimgoetz &amp; all @sequoia on the epic recognition culture ensures they will stay on top for generations 
\peterfenton- Big Sur now 
\peterfenton- Genuine passion &amp; interest in entrepreneurship from @fhollande, making positive changes, big thanks to @Xavier75 
\peterfenton- In SF tomorrow night? #BarelyOpera popup @RickshawStopSF. $10 cover, fantastic live music, cocktails with drama. 
\peterfenton- Big Sur now 
\peterfenton- Investors Beware: Today’s $100M+ Late-stage Private Rounds Are Very Different from an IPO by @bgurley 
\peterfenton- Great advice @sweetlew Lew Cirne of New Relic: Six Chairs for an Ideal Meeting, via @nytimes 
\peterfenton- Big Sur Now 
\peterfenton- Big Sur now 
\peterfenton- Kapla blocks! 
\peterfenton- Skiing heaven 
\peterfenton- Jackson Hole today...pure magic, irresistibly good @jhski 
\peterfenton- Good morning $newr and $hdp 
\peterfenton- With a family living overseas, live video becomes a must have: Snapchat's video chat definitively better than FaceTime 
\peterfenton- Wild, @WillFenton learned chess this week and challenges this guy in the jardin du Luxembourg 
\peterfenton- Big Sur now 
\peterfenton- Docker explained by @ShiraOvide: the biggest force in infrastructure software since VMs 
\peterfenton- 9 mins in, @sweetlew describes how he learned as a founder/ceo the 2nd time around to scale: must watch for founders 
\peterfenton- One of the great life stories of our time: Humanist Engineer, Founder, CEO @sweetlew interviewed by @tommybyers 
\peterfenton- Happy Halloween! @WillFenton takes a walk on the dark side in Paris 
\peterfenton- France more open for competition in telecom than the US (thx to @Xavier75), we're victims of regulatory capture 
\peterfenton- The Panda!!! #SFGiants 
\peterfenton- why are the odds of building the next google overwhelmingly in favor of China &amp; San Francisco? @davestweets nails it 
\peterfenton- Highly recommend seeing @SFOpera production of Handel's Partenope, mind candy, baroque made relevant in 1920s paris...oct 18,21,23,30 nov 2 
\peterfenton- 15 yrs+ in venture has numbed me to "partnerships", until spectacular happens @docker and @Microsoft : 
\peterfenton- Packed house for @newrelic and @sweetlew "life's too short to use bad software!" #FS14 
\peterfenton- super impressed by French Minster of Economy @EmmanuelMacron -- youth, energy, pragmatism, and optimism...positively engaged with tech 
\peterfenton- Unscripted &gt; Scripted 
\peterfenton- Californian condors paying a visit 
\peterfenton- Condor 34 pea-cocking my home 
\peterfenton- Stanford's Robert Sapolsky on depression: 50 mins that will change your view of the mind forever 
\peterfenton- call me a shameless promoter, but every time I use @quip instead of Word or Google Docs...I feel like a kid on christmas morning 
\peterfenton- Great post on private vs public @dcbandor: My latest musing - We Play Hockey, They Play Golf. 
\peterfenton- Double engine failures for 2 hrs in this...and my brain turned to jello, best training ever @AgustaWestland 
\peterfenton- Great interview with @Borthwick on twitter ads 
\peterfenton- single best use of 20-30 mins of workout time I can recommend -- everything starts with the core: @dynamicbalance1 
\peterfenton- No sleep equals the overwhelming bliss of the jetlag nap 
\peterfenton- Flew over this today...#nofilter Yellowstone: heaven touching earth 
\peterfenton- reversing brain aging -- learning how to fly qualifies for the same reasons 
\peterfenton- And if a strong form network effect accelerates consumer joy, a once in a generation company emerges #uber 
\peterfenton- Market sizes explode with consumer joy, defying the abstract mind's attempt to predict -- uber captured by @bgurley 
\peterfenton- one of the greatest matches of our time -- exhilarating match of courage and will #wimbeldon 
\peterfenton- experience the vast open ocean from SF to Hawaii...paddle by paddle as @FatChanceRow and @samiinkinen make there way across by kayak 
\peterfenton- The prehistoric California Condor paying a visit -- 2 pics one at a distance one up close 
\peterfenton- kudos to @minervaproject Ben Nelson -- @snapfishbyhp 100x better than Shutterfly for framed prints, may you do the same for education 
\peterfenton- What it looked like 6 yrs ago 
\peterfenton- Stonehouse 2.0 
\peterfenton- Big Sur Stonehouse back after 2008 fire 
\peterfenton- What an inspiration @wences at Benchmark on Bitcoin 
\peterfenton- The tide today, good morning $zen! 
\peterfenton- The future: ordered at noon it arrived at 4, free shipping via @amazon 
\peterfenton- Perfect day to run a marathon,...matched my time pre knee surgery to the minute at 3:01 #bigsurmarathon 
\peterfenton- A day from heaven 
\peterfenton- welcome to Twitter @danielgraf -- amazed by the depth of your product leadership, we touch it every day with google maps, soon @twitter ! 
\peterfenton- Must See: the Bill Viola exhibit at the grand palais the most profound exhibit I've ever seen @GrandPalaisRmn 
\peterfenton- what happens when a CEO keeps coding: a transformational release from @newrelic bringing data insights to developers 
\peterfenton- Great opportunity for a rising star interested in Corp Dev @yelp 
\peterfenton- Santa Catalina at sunset... 
\peterfenton- The @calacademy reaches the world with @khanacademy partnership free biodiversity video, worth watching! 
\peterfenton- the team @elasticsearch has delivered the cockpit to run your elasticsearch -- available today 
\peterfenton- The essence of snapchat -- @evanspiegel captures it here 
\peterfenton- Sherman's Adderall defense: Accidentally drank it via @USATODAY 
\peterfenton- Grand Tetons this am 
\peterfenton- Top of my glory 
\peterfenton- Powder! 
\peterfenton- Grand Tetons 
\peterfenton- The Grand Teton 
\peterfenton- With all the "talk" of fixing @newrelic actually did! @lewcirne video here 
\peterfenton- The first @Uber Christmas tree, delivered perfectly at 11:03 today! Holiday bliss 
\peterfenton- 
\peterfenton- Trying out the new knee with pele 
\peterfenton- Holiday lights 
\peterfenton- The 101 
\peterfenton- Impact of social on commerce: surprising data highlights the power of @polyvore 
\peterfenton- Fall 
\peterfenton- 3 Things San Francisco’s #Batkid Teaches Us About Twitter by @selenalarson 
\peterfenton- Thank you to George Lucas for @LucasMuseum, a space for the visual stories that have captured our imagination: 
\peterfenton- Big Sur 
\peterfenton- A defining Twitter moment given to humanity: "I ring the bell to open freedom, you don’t have to be big &amp; powerful to change the world" 
\peterfenton- The "pivot" -- pushing a boulder up a hill now a race to keep up with one rolling down @docker @solomonstre @golubbe 
\peterfenton- Economist report: the world is moving to a subscription economy, @zuora 
\peterfenton- Talking about devops becoming devsales, devmarketing with @sweetlew and @karaswisher #futurestack using @newrelic 
\peterfenton- Bold move by @Optimizely @dsiroker, "show don't tell" investors your greatness: blessed to work with him 
\peterfenton- Running with Natalie on angel island 
\peterfenton- "The well rounded person is the mediocre person" 
\peterfenton- A few books worth rereading every year: the effective executive...elements of style. 
\peterfenton- The magic of twitter captured in a must-follow account: @eventparrot 
\peterfenton- Kicking off the engineering exec offsite @benchmark with @bgurley 
\peterfenton- First snow of season in Jackson Hole, our German Shorthair renews his love for exploding balls (snowballs) 
\peterfenton- What is @newrelic? Software Analytics, @sweetlew inspires everyone's life he touches, watch him here 
\peterfenton- 
\peterfenton- 
\peterfenton- only possible on twitter: realtime field report on the re opening of @BayBridgeInfo -- 10pm? 
\peterfenton- The magical cal academy rainforest 
\peterfenton- Big day of firsts: my first solo flight in a heli and Will's first day at french-american school... 
\peterfenton- Fog + Bridge the "haystacks" of San Francisco 
\peterfenton- Mom and Baby doing great 
\peterfenton- Baby Ali (Alexandra) born at 1:30 today, @LauraMccain doing great! 
\peterfenton- Man down 
\peterfenton- Flying the Enstrom 480b heli over the Santa Cruz mountains -- so fun!!! 
\peterfenton- Nothing more motivating than serving the inspired vision and culture @btaylor @kevgibbs &amp; team @quip are building 
\peterfenton- Next time you go to author (word or google doc) try and experience the future: mobile, alive, connected docs 
\peterfenton- Profound new product launch by inspired entrepreneurs @btaylor @kevgibbs @quip 
\peterfenton- Thank you @sweetlew and @newrelic for the best birthday gift!!! 
\peterfenton- Friday 
\peterfenton- From passionate user to CEO of a profitable, high growth company: the inspirational story of @jesskah and @polyvore 
\peterfenton- View commuting home 
\peterfenton- Love working with @plscurrie, first @twitter and now @newrelic , a dream board member and keeps me looking naive! 
\peterfenton- My partner @bgurley captures the essence of the biggest platform shift we've ever seen: 
\peterfenton- Never seen anything like it -- 40 plus knots in a sailboat #americascup 
\peterfenton- Happy 4th! 
\peterfenton- mesmerizing video (39 Vines in length) of San Francisco's fog 
\peterfenton- Taksim Square Istanbul 
\peterfenton- Priene 
\peterfenton- At sea 
\peterfenton- View of he mini trolley accident in front of our office at 6th/market 
\peterfenton- Friday entertainment 
\peterfenton- Friday entertainment 
\peterfenton- Vines on vine. @rhysvineyards and @2montille in bearwallow 
\peterfenton- Caveat Emptor: got a form letter from @ChubbInsurance that they're "dropping home insurance" due to fire risks in CA. Scummy culture 
\peterfenton- Dolphins and fog 
\peterfenton- 
\peterfenton- 
\peterfenton- A transcendant experience @nytimes: Critic on the Road: Restaurant Review: Saison in San Francisco 
\peterfenton- Janos Starker's Bach suites have no equal, music without pretense, RIP to the greatest cellist of our time 
\peterfenton- Big Sur hiking with condors 
\peterfenton- Über Paris FTW 
\peterfenton- Little skillet -- best kept lunch secret 
\peterfenton- Our latest investment: @Optimizely (@dsiroker @koomen) taking software out of the dark ages, into enlightenment 
\peterfenton- Happy Easter!!! Grenoullies lunch 
\peterfenton- Enjoying the best extra brut on earth from @ChampagnePETERS w/ Etienne @2Montille and Kevin Harvey @RhysVineyards 
\peterfenton- Fiery sunset 
\peterfenton- He'll 
\peterfenton- Bridge 
\peterfenton- Launched today: World's first mobile (native) application monitor -- @newrelic now a must have for any mobile app 
\peterfenton- Pseudo documentaries tarted up for audience appeal feel contrived, as compared to pure fiction masquerading as truth ( #Argo vs #Fargo) 
\peterfenton- Bluebird Jackson Hole day 
\peterfenton- Testosterone Spillover: why males are better at navigation than females by neuroscientist justin rhodes 
\peterfenton- Mas...where's the share on yelp button? 
\peterfenton- The Twitter case @stanfordbiz with @biz 
\peterfenton- The mystery of @snapchat comes from the unbounded creativity that we all have when set free of vanity and shame 
\peterfenton- Heli 
\peterfenton- Big Sur 
\peterfenton- A must read summary of the state of @newrelic from @sweetlew...Lew its great to be your stagehand!!! 
\peterfenton- Please RT to support #Newtown: @SandyHookElementary students sing 'America the Beautiful' at the #SuperBowl 
\peterfenton- GG 
\peterfenton- At legoland 
\peterfenton- Cable 
\peterfenton- Yet another reason to love sf 
\peterfenton- I will forever remember my first moments seeing @vineapp (amazing) &amp; get busted routinely for leaving my phone off silent to enjoy it 
\peterfenton- Partner meeting @benchmark 
\peterfenton- Winter in big sur 
\peterfenton- 
\peterfenton- Moved deeply by the warmth and love from the @VeloSF community (@kitorder, Diane, all of you!) plan to be back soon! 
\peterfenton- Off painkillers and back on burgundy 
\peterfenton- Kevin Louie, MD on #Yelp: It brings me great joy to share this review. Dr. Kevin Louie is categorically the best ortho… 
\peterfenton- Race with RG3 for full recovery begins...I give him strong odds on kicking my ass 
\peterfenton- New knee thanks to dr Kevin Louie!!!! 
\peterfenton- Proud to support Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly's new org to reduce gun violence #ResponsibleSolutions 
\peterfenton- A toasty start to the day 
\peterfenton- Great longreads from last year if you have free time today @bgurley 
\peterfenton- Captivating info-graphic on @Polyvore impact on fashion 
\peterfenton- A good project post knee surgery: The Power of Concentration 
\peterfenton- just back from skiing in Valemount, blew out my knee but got to do this run before (thx to @realtoraspen for video!) 
\peterfenton- Good morning! 
\peterfenton- Great daily twitter experience if you live in the Bay Area RT“@abc7newsBayArea: Here’s #5things to know before you go!” 
\peterfenton- Discovered this book of WH Auden's poems -- my god what a man, they will be reading this in 500 years 
\peterfenton- The highest achievements in a celebrity culture are wealth, sexual conquest, and fame. It does not matter how... 
\peterfenton- Jaw-dropping momentum, Big Data's killer app has arrived: @elasticsearch Benchmark thrilled to back the team 
\peterfenton- The elusive happiness of founders...great post from @jesskah CEO, co-founder of @polyvore 
\peterfenton- Daily twitter emails rock! I highly recommend you go to this link and click on "send daily digest": 
\peterfenton- for those of you voting in SF, here's a cool infographic on why we are "Yes of Prop E" #YesonE 
\peterfenton- brainstorming a false prophet of creativity...great ideas demand dissent and critical thinking 
\peterfenton- Celebrating @quixotic and LinkedIn with @mikkelsvane...entrepreneurial company of the year 
\peterfenton- Good Morning! 
\peterfenton- SFGiants lucky? "Luck is the residue of design" (branch rickey on baseball) #SFgiants #worldseries 
\peterfenton- Wow! Parsifal soars @deutsche_oper under baton of @morunnicles, music like this to die for (dearly missed @SFOpera) 
\peterfenton- Happy 100th @deutsche_oper sublime performance by @hojotoheidi and @morunnicles 
\peterfenton- A potent insight from @jack for anyone that has "users" in their business: 
\peterfenton- thinking positive thoughts for @mbkessler and @dhauptman, hours away from #imkona, watch here 
\peterfenton- The 2012 vintage looks insanely great from @RhysVineyards 
\peterfenton- Congrats to @minted, their design community now makes party decor as beautiful as their stationary products...http://t.co/5AXVgwwo 
\peterfenton- Tech leaders @jack, @biz, @bchesky come together to imagine the future of SF: 
\peterfenton- Why Angel Investors Don’t Make Money … And Advice For People Who Are Going To Become Angels Anyway via @TechCrunch 
\peterfenton- Fall has arrived to sf bay 
\peterfenton- Space shuttle just flew between us and the golden gate 
\peterfenton- Exceptional essay on sport as a forum to manifest beauty...rip David Foster Wallace 
\peterfenton- Deeply moved by our new neighbors at @glidesf + Kristen Growney..radically inclusive, unconditional love helping break the cycle of poverty 
\peterfenton- They do favor the scotsman...saturday proof of that, he won Novak went in 2-5 hole 
\peterfenton- Very gusty here #usopen 
\peterfenton- Live from the usopen! OH: "I don't think the heavy stuff's comin' down for a while" #amextennis 
\peterfenton- The gamble paid off...inspired by people who fight complacency and constantly challenge themselves to do better 
\peterfenton- Eating at the "new new" eleven madison (emp) in ny, without a doubt the best restaurant experience in the us. Run don't walk here. 
\peterfenton- A must read from @bgurley if you've ever been exposed to "lifetime value of a customer" analysis 
\peterfenton- Here with @morunnicles maestro of the Grand Teton Music Festival, follow him to be closer to the best interpreter of Wagner in our lifetime 
\peterfenton- 103 mile swim from Cuba to Florida, Twitter brings you closer to 62 yr old @diananyad inspiring open water swimmer! 
\peterfenton- Rimrock lake in the Tetons floats at 10,300 ft on a sheer cliff...once in a lifetime hike #nofilter 
\peterfenton- Hiking into rain 
\peterfenton- Hiking into rain 
\peterfenton- Sad to be leaving Bhutan, no place compares 
\peterfenton- Grass valley at 13,500 ft, with a monastery tucked in the rocks 
\peterfenton- Breathtaking. Bhutan lifts your spirits... 
\peterfenton- In gangtey valley, Bhutan, anyone else nearbye? Hiked to 13kft then got lost and descended into abyss, back safe now 
\peterfenton- 400miles and 40kft of climbing over 5 days from Cataluna to San Sebastian, thanks @bikecatgirona 
\peterfenton- HUGE thank you to Jaume and @bikecatgirona -- highly recommend to anyone interested in biking in northern Spain 
\peterfenton- Rode Spain to France to Spain today. The Pyrenees -- arrestingly beautiful! 
\peterfenton- walking into twitter HQ yesterday, @bgurley and I stumbled into this #hackweek 
\peterfenton- 6k to 10.3k ft in 90 mins flat, wow that hurt! 
\peterfenton- fascinating window into 6th/mission in San Francisco, and the world apart at 5th/mission 
\peterfenton- old vs new software model, great post on how a former tea salesman now sells $400k+ per quarter of @newrelic 
\peterfenton- In case you missed it, @bgurley post captures why Local the big winner in Social/Mobile/Local wave of startups 
\peterfenton- Congrats @tylertystewart for running 100 miles yesterday and finishing the #ws100 !!! 
\peterfenton- Good morning! 
\peterfenton- Fog Ocean 
\peterfenton- thank you sf for a perfect weekend 
\peterfenton- Will Twitter scale as a business? A window into the future via @newrelic -- 500% increase in traffic 
\peterfenton- Sailing legend @chfry and the man himself @jack on the bay 
\peterfenton- Memorial day storm in big sur 
\peterfenton- 5 reasons SF's emergence as a startup epicenter likely to endure via @techcrunch 
\peterfenton- What makes a good engineering culture? Answer from @edmondlau. on @Quora 
\peterfenton- must read for anyone in a subscription business model: the 3 defining metrics, @Zuora @tientzuo 
\peterfenton- the @spotify app blows me away, but Twitter integration noticeably absent, radio from your follow list? much better than friends on fb 
\peterfenton- Golden gate peaking throug 
\peterfenton- Perfect morning for a run 
\peterfenton- Twitter articulates its why: Twitter brings you closer.....great interview with @dickc 
\peterfenton- Great post in Forbes from @engineyard CEO @JohnDillon at How You Can Use The Cloud For Innovation - Forbes 
\peterfenton- Very happy to be done with #bigsurmarsthon! Massive headwinds today, managed 3 hrs almost on the dot. 
\peterfenton- Getting ready for the big sur marathon tomorrow, the most beautiful race on earth #bigsurmarathon 
\peterfenton- great post on the pitfalls of VCs doing seed investing by @elad 
\peterfenton- The perfect remedy for a hot big sur run 
\peterfenton- Spring 
\peterfenton- Midnight over manhattan 
\peterfenton- in case you missed @bgurley's lates post, why we prefer youth over experience, learn-it-alls over know-it-alls 
\peterfenton- Buying users for a social network, telco class move, cash &gt; brains 
\peterfenton- Feels like living in the future, discover @TRI_Studios live #BridgeSession on twitter and am now streaming in hd, watching with 10000's 
\peterfenton- Amazed how few people know that the home team is always listed second (or or to the right) on tv 
\peterfenton- Beautiful day in Jackson, 65 and great skiing! 
\peterfenton- Storm theater 
\peterfenton- Viewing storm in heaven 
\peterfenton- First night tomorrow in rebuilt home from 2008 big sur fire... 
\peterfenton- Happy German shorthairs. 15+ full throttle bird chasing miles on ocean beach, rainbow reward 
\peterfenton- Best flatware on earth...city by David Mellor 
\peterfenton- The best time of year here 
\peterfenton- Saison for the first time 
\peterfenton- In era of transparency, loving your customer a way of life, hear from the best @zendesk @zappos next week at Hero Tour 
\peterfenton- America's Cup training on sf bay, these boats literally fly 
\peterfenton- why does SF dominate startup scene? deep cultural movement away from suburban to urban, primacy of interactive design, google/fb shuttles 
\peterfenton- provocative article on the twilight of ERP-software by @tientzuo and @Zuora 
\peterfenton- Backcountry in the Tetons sizing up mt Taylor 
\peterfenton- my #FF, best string quartet on earth @EmersonQuartet 
\peterfenton- Google Just Made Bing the Best Search Engine - @Gizmodo 
\peterfenton- Taking a 28 ft boat out in biggest swell of yr sounded better than it feels! Mavericks going off 
\peterfenton- If you've ever thought about weight loss I highly recommend reading @bgurley latest post: 
\peterfenton- 2011 as complete a year as life gives, the highs, the lows, the spectrum leaves you in awe...ready for more! 
\peterfenton- Rise of Twitter: My interview with @wsj reflecting on 2011, and outlook for 2012... 
\peterfenton- Verdict: blown away, nothing I've ridden compares, here's a link 
\peterfenton- Maiden voyage on a 29er! 
\peterfenton- One hell of a current but perfect start to the day 
\peterfenton- Highly recommend following @Quora the richness and depth of the content unparalleled and they are now tweeting the great posts 
\peterfenton- Benchmark thrilled invest in @mnaficy @niniane and melissa @minted to help scale their design community, we have ebay like goosebumps! 
\peterfenton- a must read from @bgurley -- you don't have to tweet to twittter. 
\peterfenton- best business article in ages, simplify until it hurts around your unique model, complexity kills 
\peterfenton- every season there's a can't miss @SFOpera, this year it is Xerxes, tasty Handel 
\peterfenton- From the end of the earth 
\peterfenton- Saw these trippy things on our hike today. Also found out Jerad Diamond got his facts all wrong 
\peterfenton- Ecstatic doubleclick CEO, and Twitter board member @rosenblattdavid joining @Benchmark newest investment 1st dibs, dthin.gs/vOfvu3 
\peterfenton- reading steve's sister's eulogy made me think of my favorite e.e. cummings poem 
\peterfenton- so i'm retweeting this video showing local support, which you will either hate or love, my guess no middle ground: 
\peterfenton- center of gravity moved north for Benchmark's portfolio, 3:1 ratio SF to Silicon Valley for new investments, @mayoredlee has been fantastic 
\peterfenton- Next time someone extols the freedom and long term focus enabled by being private vs public...remind them of Apple. 
\peterfenton- Perfect start to a fall weekend 
\peterfenton- Euro debt risk correlation with men living with parents into their late 20s 
\peterfenton- Hearing multiple manufacturing plants moving out of china due to escalating overhead....ominous. 
\peterfenton- How Yahoo Spawned Hadoop, the Future of Big Data @wired profile of @hortonworks 
\peterfenton- On @Quora: Why did Steve Jobs choose not to effectively treat his cancer? 13 Answers: 
\peterfenton- Welcome @mabb0tt as EIR @Benchmark -- and thank you for the truly awe-inspiring contributions to build the engineering backbone at twitter! 
\peterfenton- SF today is like NY in June. 
\peterfenton- The serendipity of yelp mobile: needed a fast lunch, 2 clicks to amazing Japanese place, yelp reveals all! 
\peterfenton- which underscores my belief that truly enduring consumer internet businesses dont buy the bulk of their users 
\peterfenton- truly heartfelt thanks for all the well wishes, mother and daughter doing great, dad looking for this store: 
\peterfenton- These web services hacks kick ass thanks to my partner @mitchlasky for the pointer 
\peterfenton- Pic of Natalie. 
\peterfenton- Natalie Fenton, born 2:37pm today 
\peterfenton- Must read piece about IPO dynamics by my partner @bgurley 
\peterfenton- impressed by Russian Hill police chief Ann Mannix using twitter to connect us to our world -- if you live here follow @northernstation 
\peterfenton- first day of school yesterday 
\peterfenton- woops, right link this time to @CoachDavidShaw article: 
\peterfenton- Uber FTW. Wait times for my 3 rides today: 30 seconds, 2 minutes, and 3 minutes. This product experience blows me away! 
\peterfenton- Bay drama 
\peterfenton- Big news from @engineyard building on customer and revenue momentum as worlds largest Rails PaaS, now PHP too: 
\peterfenton- Welcome Lithium's new CEO @rtarkoff, search done the right way, led by founder @lylefong to get the very best partner 
\peterfenton- Google+ feels like OS/2 in a Mac and Windows world. I do care for many of the people behind, so dont hate me for saying it! 
\peterfenton- Summit at Jackson Hole with Pele and Xuxa...4kft straight up on mtn bike about the only way to tire these two out! 
\peterfenton- may i feel said he 
\peterfenton- Live from summit of sestriere, tour here in 4 hrs 
\peterfenton- Michel Troisgros in roanne worth every effort to visit 
\peterfenton- In deep France you see this 
\peterfenton- Apparently Stalin said "if you can't kick a man when he's down, when can you kick him?"...the hated dodgers in bankruptcy & last place! 
\peterfenton- Last act of Siegfried 
\peterfenton- Now profitable, Polyvore strikes a pose as top fashion site 
\peterfenton- #further no rain 
\peterfenton- my first search with Twitter's new photo and video search was #shuttle (try it!), amazing video of the launch 
\peterfenton- At the village vanguard. Finally. 
\peterfenton- Perfect late spring day in NY 
\peterfenton- Amplifying the retweet, my partner @bgurley 's best post, I think ever: 
\peterfenton- If you manage/run a web app, @newrelic just delivered the promised land: real user monitoring, irresistible data 
\peterfenton- no consumer internet company that "bought" or "buys" its users has sustained a market cap &gt;$10B....interesting to think about *why*? 
\peterfenton- market wants China IPOs....congrats to RenRen, Joe Chen, and James Liu on the big day, $7B+ market cap, up 40% 
\peterfenton- Golden Gate right now 
\peterfenton- Breakfast w/ chairman Joe Chen and James Liu on eve of renren ipo...same big heart and smiles as though nothing changed 
\peterfenton- Raising hand at Lucille Packard Children Hospital auction getting steve carrell and Dana carvey love 
\peterfenton- why people are getting fatter: fructose. in depth explanation in video from a UCSF prof thx to Kevin Harvey: 
\peterfenton- 100 best movies from @ebertchicago he nails it (except misses aranofksy), inspired to see the 65+ I havent seen: 
\peterfenton- Twitter's growth accelerating and yet some recent negative press -- great perspective from @biz on "why"? 
\peterfenton- If I could have dinner with one comedian no question it would be @normmacdonald 
\peterfenton- 5th place, 3 painful mins behind winner RT@RunUSHalf Results posted here - 
\peterfenton- Great day to race over golden gate thanks @runushalf 
\peterfenton- Twitter Tweets Some Big Q1 Stats; 155 Million Tweets A Day Now via @techcrunch 
\peterfenton- "those who trade freedom for security will lose both, and deserve neither," -- Ben Franklin (thx Phil Kufeldt) 
\peterfenton- Great day for all twitter users....welcome back @jack !!! 
\peterfenton- Bliss! 
\peterfenton- Getting psyched for second run down the steep of Jensen canyon in Jackson with @pselkowitz 
\peterfenton- adrenaline hangover from yesterday -- skied (kick turned) the couloir in the upper left of photo with @pselkowitz 
\peterfenton- exorcising my superstitions about the 13th, planning to go into Death Canyon tomorrow to iceclimb/ski Son of the Apocalypse Couloir in Teton 
\peterfenton- sage words from my mentor Arthur Patterson: RT @Amir_Efrati 40-yr VC, says tech boom should last until 2014 
\peterfenton- I love that @charliesheen is following @brianwilson38. #winning 
\peterfenton- Amazing timing -- last yr Sacha Baron Cohen started work on The Dictator. Out in 2012 
\peterfenton- One of those days in big sur 
\peterfenton- I find this lineup mildly depressing. The order too. 
\peterfenton- I love this guy 
\peterfenton- if you've ever skiied, this video will blow your mind 
\peterfenton- Bezos in '02, stock is off 80%, but he's as inspired as ever, and his future success visible in his mission 
\peterfenton- Polk street overrun with drunk santas looking to hook up. Santa pub crawl. 
\peterfenton- love the macbook air 11-inch, fills a real gap (more than the ipad), where you would normally read you can write emails and browse 
\peterfenton- Just went white truffle hunting in alba with a dog...it found $1k of truffles in an hour. It's all very weird. 
\peterfenton- At la paulee with Veronique Drouhin and Michel Boss in Beaune. Heaven. 
\peterfenton- watching Big Game in a paris bistro on slingbox iphone app,..worth every drip of animosity coming our way. Beat Ca 
\peterfenton- We've officially entered the age of the designer. 10 board meetings this month, every single company desperately looking for designers 
\peterfenton- Go Stanford!!! 
\peterfenton- struck, once again, by the egos and arrogance in our (the venture) business...the best operate with the mindset of "stage hands", never brag 
\peterfenton- OH in London "the pressure to go onto Facebook is kinda of like trying cocaine, everyones doing it but I know it's not right" 
\peterfenton- At Wembley watching the 49ers thx Blake Krikorian and Jed York for tix, 90k fans almost all 49ers fans 
\peterfenton- amazing @virginatlantic in sfo gave away wife's confirmed seat, lost my bag, and 2 days later they have done nothing to retrieve it 
\peterfenton- Little man @willfenton kisses his elmo suit 
\peterfenton- What a game! Saw mental assassin warm up, pic here, but he wasnt needed...#worldseries 
\peterfenton- Thanks to @sfgiants who show once again the best team is not about any one person, but shared unwavering commitment! 
\peterfenton- That roller coaster of a win was the best I can remember seeing live. Triumph of the team. Total inspiration thanks @sfgiants!!!! 
\peterfenton- From @lukew RT@erhanerdogan: How Twitter increased conversion rate to 29% by adding 1 extra step 
\peterfenton- Great interview with Paul Maritz, vmware ceo, on leadership in NYTimes: --importance of self awareness 
\peterfenton- Michelangelo right: "greater danger lies not in setting our aim too high & falling short; but in setting it too low, & achieving our mark" 
\peterfenton- excellent post,aim-high RT @mlevchin this #angelgate stuff got me thinking about.. angels. Maybe we are doing it wrong. 
\peterfenton- Good news 
\peterfenton- great to see SFOpera on Twitter.... (finally!)...follow @sfopera 
\peterfenton- But these grizzly bear prints were hard to miss...article here, same trail same time of yr 
\peterfenton- Best mtn bike ride of life on pinnacles trail north of Jackson, Wyoming 
\peterfenton- article on power RT: @peterfenton here's the piece by jonah lehrer on power for your followers: 
\peterfenton- My 2 recommendations for lazy august: Sirens of Titan, for reading, Breaking Bad, for marathon dvd gorging 
\peterfenton- Thinking about the wsj article on how power corrupts, early sign of corruption manifests in failure to make eye contact. Resonates. 
\peterfenton- Congrats to chris hauth 1st lake tahoe swim RT@AIMPCoach: All done! 44mi. Swim: 25 hrs in the water! 15 bags IV, hospital stay but good 
\peterfenton- Here's a photo of us crossing the continental divide doing hike a bike... 
\peterfenton- Finished the transrockies...12.5 hrs over 3 days going all out, next year I'll slam my hand in the door for am hour and skip this race 
\peterfenton- Day 1 finish transrockies mtn bike race in Canada. Destroyed me. Broken chain. Broken seat.& monday hardest day! 
\peterfenton- My attempt to capture the strange, weird of tourist Paris. I have idea who that woman is. 
\peterfenton- Mastered the breathtakingly long list of french insults thanks to @coco59 and her people. Time to leave Paris before I get killed. 
\peterfenton- From @bgurley "profanity is a linguistic crutch for inarticulate motherfuckers" 
\peterfenton- Biked to the top of col de soulor just in time to see the lead group, everyone looked slaughtered, video of chase 
\peterfenton- Contador has his own car. @bgurley kept asking "where's the team in that" 
\peterfenton- Bigtime stress at start of today's stage 16, @clivermore wishing @lancearmstrong good luck 
\peterfenton- It's all Andy Schleck all the time on the road paint here 
\peterfenton- Biking in Pyrenees amazing , 2 climbs down 1 to go on todays preview of tomorrows tdf race...this one hurt! 
\peterfenton- Quick ride up the hautacam in the pyrenees a perfect way to forget you're jetlagged 
\peterfenton- Frankfurt airport as a hub to europe absolutely sucks. I don't know where to start. Munich the best. 
\peterfenton- "when ideas have sex", twitter and @zendesk now work seamlessly together 
\peterfenton- Michelle deyoung, Teton music festival, flies in last minute replaces Susan Graham. To sing At altitude. Heroic. 
\peterfenton- An all around phenomenal game, jeremy piven stole seat behind us, too funny...moved half way through game 
\peterfenton- "We have rubber bullets and we are going to use them" 
\peterfenton- Wouldn't be la without a little riot police after game 
\peterfenton- ultimate success @coremetrics Further evidence that my former partner Arthur Patterson at @accel wins through courage and tireless support 
\peterfenton- IBM acquires @coremetrics, ending a journey that required immense fortitude to overcome our early insanity, @bazaarbrett + joe + team HEROS 
\peterfenton- Cant wait for the south park spoofing The Singularity. Dianetics for the silicon valley 
\peterfenton- onwards to a subscription economy RT@zuora Billing Startup Zuora Signs Over $1 Billion In Subscription Revenue In Q1 
\peterfenton- in case you missed this last week, @bgurley pierces many of the myths around "internet kills traditional media": 
\peterfenton- Seeing zito rise from the ashes to 4-0 start, and say, "can't enoy it, get complacent, lose edge" totally redeemed in my eyes 
\peterfenton- worth reading @newrelic post if you build/invest in web apps: buy software not sales reps 
\peterfenton- 23 1 hitters since @SFGiants moved to SF from NY. Record 22:1, tonight was the 1, ugh 
\peterfenton- Interested in the creative destruction of enterprise software? Follow @sweetlew and his new blog 
\peterfenton- Manorola in cinqueterre may be the best place we've been in Europe...like Big Sur, piggy rich tourists kept away 
\peterfenton- So this is where Carrara marble comes from. Hard to appreciate how ridiculously steep these quaries are... 
\peterfenton- At fuor d'aqua in florence, @LauraMccain noticed jennfer connelly sitting next to us, movies make you look great 
\peterfenton- In Florence, interminable wait for lunch, then uffizi. 
\peterfenton- Proof small teams can do amazing things, 14 person team @polyvore in today's NewYorker, democratizing Fashion: 
\peterfenton- Skate skiing with the littleman @WillFenton in teton national park 
\peterfenton- The Big Lie: every time I've heard "its going to be really, really big or a total failure", it's been a total failure. Focus matters 
\peterfenton- big day for @polyvore RT @mnaficy: Very excited Sukhinder Singh Cassidy joining Polyvore as new CEO - welcome aboard! 
\peterfenton- To clarify, the french and american womens teams have come to jackson hole to train away from chaos, they fly up to bc later this week 
\peterfenton- The French Olympic ski team hanging out at a cocktail party here in Jackson Hole. Really genuine wonderful people. 
\peterfenton- Saw ex olympian pepi stiegler skinning up the tetons today at 9kft, 70+ yrs old but still smiles like a kid 
\peterfenton- Close fucking call. Pete and I both set off avalanches. Both safe 
\peterfenton- Out here in the Tetons. Set off avalanche but skied out, and @Pselkowitz hit in second slide but escaped. Humbling 
\peterfenton- Follow @lindseyvonn for athletes eye view of olympics 
\peterfenton- It amuses me to no end when the press says "market down on heavy selling". There is no heavy selling without heavy buying!!! 
\peterfenton- why Google is the MSFT of the phone market and apple is apple RT @bgurley Android or iPhone? Wrong Question 
\peterfenton- Earthquake omen? RT @paultoo: San Francisco's smelly sea lions end their 20-year stay 
\peterfenton- 6700 ft of climbing the teton pass, WY to ski in knee deep powder, what a day!!!! 
\peterfenton- if you love wine, this may change your life: i've tested for weeks with much success 
\peterfenton- Après snow shoeing little man @willfenton loving Jackson Hole 
\peterfenton- Entrepreneurs can learn a lot about vc's by asking them what public stocks they hold and why 
\peterfenton- OH: "nutcracker? More like nutsacker with those leotards" 
\peterfenton- Watching the Rock Hall of fame show makes me think of "the wrestler". A movie that captures the essence of our condition. 
\peterfenton- blown away by the bluebird day here in sf. marin headlands bike ride perfect anecdote to jetlag, can see curvature of the earth today 
\peterfenton- Just saw Umberto Eco exhibit at louvre maybe profound definitely absurd. 
\peterfenton- Just now as I looked up from urinal, 3 french ladies were standing next to me, I think, "why are there urinals in the ladies room" #jetlag 
\peterfenton- First time at Opera Bastille in paris, avg age 2 decades younger than sfopera. Sleek building, another gem from 1989 
\peterfenton- Boy this rings true RT @ChristianVDV: Note to self. Pictionary, wine and your mother in law don't mix. 
\peterfenton- Little @willfenton nervous, weenies looking strong. Beat Cal!!! 
\peterfenton- Little man @willfenton at his first football game, stanford vs oregon lucky charm!!! 
\peterfenton- In this new age of hyper behavioral ad targeting i feel a little nervous when an ad comes on for Aladdin Bail Bonds 
\peterfenton- Android will likely outship iphone by muliples (2-3x) next yr, here's why: @bgurley Google's "less than free" strategy 
\peterfenton- Bezos is the Steve Jobs of the future, seeing a founder/CEO reach totally new heights an inspiration, AMZN quarter 
\peterfenton- the intensity of customer joy that @zendesk is creating w/ their SAAS helpdesk breaks all records for me 
\peterfenton- Liberating advice RT @mkapor: Marc Andreessen's tips on improving your productivity Worth reading. 
\peterfenton- Hilarious video on swineflu RT @sarahcuda: i love china 
\peterfenton- The little man @willfenton enjoying the blue angels, what a day, SF at its best 
\peterfenton- Thrilled MySQL CEO and all around stellar guy joining us, RT @martenmikos I have joined @benchmark capital as entrepreneur in residence. 
\peterfenton- An addage that still rings true, "if you want to get something done ask a busy person", more engagement more results. 
\peterfenton- The tv ad industry may be one of the biggest beneficiaries of twitter's ubiquity--my plans to watch the 49ers on tivo were just ruined 
\peterfenton- 10 days after the accident, @moniquepetrov has the face of a champion, rebounding in body and mind at a record pace, she's an inspiration 
\peterfenton- Choice: nails on chalboard or public radio pledge drive. I'd go for the nails. Only KPFA does it right 
\peterfenton- The best monents of every day are with @willfenton 
\peterfenton- if you can avoid it, don't ride your bike at sunset! 
\peterfenton- devastated and praying for @moniquepetrov since news last night of her accident, hit biking by a van going 45 mph, in ICU 
\peterfenton- congrats to @apatzer + @mint, another founder hero...idea to success, great team, millions of users, all under age of 30! Intuit gets a gem 
\peterfenton- Benchmark excited to be working @clicker structured, coherent face on the video web, and CEO @jlanzone a witty, non workout tweeting tweeter 
\peterfenton- Just back from biking yellowstone, 2 days, a few hundred miles, and the most memorable views of my life 
\peterfenton- Perceptive article on future of social ads, RT @Moxsie Check out @polyvore's article in AdAge! 
\peterfenton- Norm Mcdonald's tonight show apperance, living up to my image of him as funniest man alive 
\peterfenton- terrific post by @mjasay and @mmullany on freemium economics: the formula of success in "free" models 
\peterfenton- The giant bimocs were meant for nights like tonight, a hot city, 80 degrees at 8pm 
\peterfenton- Congrats! RT @niravtolia: Super excited tomorrow's public launch of new internet company: Fanbase. NYtimes article: 
\peterfenton- Celebrating what in hindsight I know to be my luckiest day, marrying @lauramccain 8/18/07 in beaune france 
\peterfenton- Big congrats to the team at SpringSource and @springrod, VMWare acquires for $420M, 
\peterfenton- Farro islands has cell coverage at 35kft. They "crank it up" to cover islands, get planes too! Hello from 35kft 
\peterfenton- In the luxury good olympics, the gold now goes to the chinese: most louis vuitton, gucci, patek phillipe, burberry, cartier per rich tourist 
\peterfenton- Reason not to go to switzerland, the woman in white at geneva airport, poor laura in tears after all milk confiscated 
\peterfenton- Who knew...Nursing in public, even with a cover, not cool in france or switzerland...illegal in parts, "shunned" here in switzerland 
\peterfenton- The matterhorn from our hotel, feel like I'm 8 yrs old at disneyland, waiting for the crazy snowman to jump out 
\peterfenton- 6 trains, 8 hrs, 10 bags, 1 6mos old....for this view, we are very very happy to be in zermatt! 
\peterfenton- Wow. "Dada" @willfenton decided that tonight, his first night in the city his parents were married in, hed speak his first words. Too cool! 
\peterfenton- excellent video, applies to all pursuits of excellence, RT @mhirschey Ira Glass Why Creative Excellence Takes Time 
\peterfenton- from BBC "Contador furious with Armstrong" 
\peterfenton- Week of riding in alps dropped resting heart rate from 50's to low 40's. Body's malleability amazing. 
\peterfenton- On course! 100m past 1k sign, sunny side, chase group led by columbia high road, setting up cav, thor following 
\peterfenton- Arrived to my hotel in paris and greeted by @lancearmstrong tt bike, painted by damien hirst, it has its own room 
\peterfenton- Classic french, I tried to get out of line, cops said "no", thinking I was w/ tour, astana got car #1, 1 car per team 
\peterfenton- Surreal, avignon tgv with tour, walked up with @johanbruyneel and @ghincapie (photo here), cops thought I was part 
\peterfenton- View of Final ascent, holy shit its windy, will ride down and watch in bar, even french tv trucks coming down 
\peterfenton- Ascent up ventoux, HUGE day in tour 
\peterfenton- At finish line top of ventoux, rode up 1:29 today, perfect weather 
\peterfenton- Some ideas for today.. @bgurley, @clivermore, @spullara, @johnolilly, @jeremys, @rodjohnson #followfriday 
\peterfenton- top of ventoux, perfect day, @clivermore , @tylerstewart 
\peterfenton- Mt ventoux, complete! Took 1:31:20 from bedoin to top 
\peterfenton- Team cars in lake annecy, TT underway 
\peterfenton- Climbing over to of the columbiere 
\peterfenton- Just finished the last 3 climbs in todays stage, col du colibiere totallyamazing, cold as all hell today 
\peterfenton- 10k to go! Its hot as hell in the sun here, exciting stage but the real killer tomorrow 
\peterfenton- Here in Bourg st maurice waiting for tour finish, @clivermore ran into his old friend Gabriella Sabatini 
\peterfenton- On top of the Cormet de Roselend today, tour here tomorrow RT @clivermore: - 
\peterfenton- "Way Way" seems to have replaced "Dacar" in happy french voices over the past 5 yrs 
\peterfenton- SFO--&gt;Geneva for cycling/tour spectating followed by lots of hiking in alps, thinking "travelling is a fools paradise" as I leav city I love 
\peterfenton- Proof I'm getting old, in awe of weather anomalies. It NEVER rains in bay area in July 
\peterfenton- 3 days of running/swimming in Jackson *finally* wipes out @bunnyxuxa 
\peterfenton- Dizzy, but very happy atop jackson pass, prepping for alps with @charlielivermore! 
\peterfenton- Wishing @coco59 @bunnyxuxa @willfenton @caantenucci and @lauramccain a safe "all nighter" driving from San Francisco to Jackson Hole 
\peterfenton- Twitter's memory saved me...great post for company naming: RT @rich_barton Should you make up a new word for your site? 
\peterfenton- Almost forgot what big sur evenings do to you 
\peterfenton- Tosca + 530am start + jetlag = sleep!!!! 
\peterfenton- just flew over coeur d'Alene on way home from france, saw race maerkers, wishing @moniquepetrov, @mhirschey, and @tylerstewart a GREAT race 
\peterfenton- Just finished 3rd fantastic run in burgundy...hills above chambolle musigny just the right pain before lunch 
\peterfenton- Just paid respects to hospices de beaune, site of nuptials aug 18 07 
\peterfenton- A day from heaven, visited barthod, arnoux, lambrays, and drc...best part, barthod has an @bunnyxuxa!!!! 
\peterfenton- Perfect day in gevrey chambertin 
\peterfenton- Ecstatic to be back in burgundy, short trip 
\peterfenton- Just finished slides for annual meeting tomorrow am, deep empathy for ceo's who do this monthly!!! 
\peterfenton- Great to see @jackie_greene on Twitter! 
\peterfenton- still looking for confirmation that the story about Rajeev is in fact true, hoping it is a bad rumor... 
\peterfenton- Heartbroken by the passing of Rajeev Motwani, a great man with a big heart, opening doors and enabling dreams for eveyone in his orbit 
\peterfenton- Very few things in life remove as much stress as timed lights... 
\peterfenton- Awesome meeting with Prof Balaji Prabhakar, shared best idea i've heard in 10+ yrs, could change the way we live soon: 
\peterfenton- Great insights RT @Rich_Barton Should you make up a new word for your site? Is "Bing" any good? thoughts on branding 
\peterfenton- waking up sore, thinking of Suvorov's quote "Hard training, easy combat; easy training, hard combat." Must race again properly trained 
\peterfenton- done with Honu race in hawaii, that really, really hurt. kept smile throughout, but my body flipped to "heat overload" so happy to finish 
\peterfenton- Amazed that in 1769, diderot asserted the darwinian (and startup) thesis "Everything changes, everything passes. Only the totality remains" 
\peterfenton- Amazed that in 1769, diderot asserted the darwinian (and startup) thesis "Everything changes, everything passes. Only the totality remains" 
\peterfenton- Excited for race tomorrow! epic swim in water I proposed to @lauramccain, magical spot 
\peterfenton- compression socks, pointy helmets, swim skinleotards, male shaved legs, taker personalities: triathlons, I'm falling out of love with you. 
\peterfenton- Unbelievably hot in kona. And humid. 5th and *final* year racing in this summer heat, twitter will save me from post race amnesia 
\peterfenton- stunning 80 mi ride, heat I needed for hawaii in 2 wks, 95! covered in salt, Tomales beautiful today. 
\peterfenton- Periodical enlightenment: gone from reading the economist (smug) to new yorker (hit/miss), to new york review of books (exquisite) 
\peterfenton- The older I get, the more suspicious I am of the 13th. When I'm I'm my 40's I'll probably work 24 hrs on the 7th and 0 hrs on the 13th 
\peterfenton- Been a while, dead at shoreline 
\peterfenton- My deep affection for Ethan Coen's work explained in part: he and I both wrote our thesis on Wittgenstein 
\peterfenton- Day 1 of penance over; 4 hard hrs on bike and 7 mile run with @bunnyxuxa. Turned to salt by end. 
\peterfenton- Our new coffee maker seduces you into espresso at all hours, brews insomnia & great coffee..la marzocco 
\peterfenton- Just paid a visit to frank gehry's home in Santa Monica. Pretty cool 3d cubism 
\peterfenton- Congrast to @springrod & @jsoltero, fantastic entrepreneurs who just pulled off what JBoss and MySQL tried/failed to do 
\peterfenton- Little will the heartbreaker 
\peterfenton- Wow! Swallows galore at crissy. @bunnyxuxa going crazy!!!! 
\peterfenton- At Polyvore board meeting, triumph of empowered creative people over the fashion elite. Try www.polyvore.com 
\peterfenton- results in for big sur marathon, 59th out of 3058, good goal to break top 50 next yr, congrats to everyone who finished! 
\peterfenton- Oh, 625' miles last 3mi, 615 good goal for next yr. When @alexbalkanski, @sallyfenton, @moniquepetrov, and @lmfenton join me!!! 
\peterfenton- Last nights bottle of wine, and too much cannaloni and prosciutto did leave mark: lost 4 mins to "potty time" mid race 
\peterfenton- Great run! 23 miles of view laced joy, 3.2 miles in focused tunnel of pain. Ran 10 seconds faster than last yr, qualified for Boston. 
\peterfenton- In a house full of people launching into big sur party orbit, new marathon goal: to finish. 
\peterfenton- "Subtract 20 mins" they say for real time given big sur hills, personal goal to start race mile 23, 615's last 3 mi. Old man pacing wisdom 
\peterfenton- Just got race #564, big sur marathon 7am tomorrow. such a relaxed vibe, no gear weenies, no "qualifying" pressure, just a quick 3 hour jog 
\peterfenton- Its so cool, literally/figuratively, when fog gets ANGRY with heat...super pissed tonight 
\peterfenton- SF parking hatin': fed meter with quarters nothing happened. Left sticky note "meter ate my quarters, broken" 
\peterfenton- Going to Herbst Theater to see Emerson String Quartert, then to dinner with them at Absinthe..the best quartet EVER 
\peterfenton- Just lost as much weight in 3 hrs as my week with amoebic dissentery, long run and directly into 90 mins hot yoga, -11 lbs 
\peterfenton- - SF Bay flooding with fog, and @bunnyxuxa drinking in the sun thankful we moved to Russian Hill 
\peterfenton- with @pankaj, rooting for heros and courage over established brands...in more way than one, this will be an historic evening 
\peterfenton- I'm amused by how often we see The Big Lie approach at work in our business: 
\peterfenton- *Compelling* research (weight loss, etc) around benefits of eating 25% of your total calories within. 1hr of waking up. 
\peterfenton- Excited to spend an hour uninterrupted with @willfenton 
\peterfenton- Takeout ordering insight: don't even try to pretend you know menu better than the proprietor, just ask them to surprise you with their best 
\peterfenton- Blown away, again, by yelp iphone app...wandering in the mission, starving, and want indian. Three taps bingo, Aslam's Rasoi. Total gem. 
\peterfenton- feel about 100ft underwater on email, doing my best to get to 50 ft before dinner 
\peterfenton- Altered state via 13 mile steep hill run up windy hill to enjoy 5/28/77 concert sans LSD, pot, or mushrooms. Worth it!! 
\peterfenton- 110 mins, 14 miles, all stunning hills. @bunnyxuxa in heaven. 
\peterfenton- SF Trivia Test: recognize this? More joy per sq ft than anywhere in city. 
\peterfenton- WAR ON THE KONA SHORE!!!! @moniquepetrov VS @peterfenton...may 30th rematch of 2006 struggle 
\peterfenton- Drinking away intense burn in legs from track workout this am, chasing the dragon of speed in an aging body feels less sane every day 
\peterfenton- New ticket source: Twitter board meeting. 
\peterfenton- Just that kind of weekend. View from dinner table. 
\peterfenton- Off to Ocean Beach for 26km run, Xuxa will be wearing GPS on her collar, I'm guessing 60km for her (chasing BIRDIES!!!!) 
\peterfenton- Last weekend's race...proof of no pointy helmet or shaved legs!!! 
\peterfenton- Spring bliss, 130km ride in vivid green hills, crisp ocean air, college basketball, and little Will Fenton smiled at me on/off for an hour! 
\peterfenton- Poor @clivermore has 2 followers after a week. Let's show him some love! Cycling god. 
\peterfenton- Heading north to freestone, russian river for what promises to be an epic bike ride back to sf, thanks @cilvermore!!!! 
\peterfenton- lush green, deep blue, stunning topology, we MUST keep days like today to ourselves in SF, if others knew they would rush in 
\peterfenton- breaking news in the cycling world...@clivermore in the house, finally on Twitter! 
\peterfenton- decided to skate out on thin ice of a brilliant april fools joke and fell through into a pool of cruelty. hoping @bgurley has a short memory 
\peterfenton- Email inbox pain, like hangovers, intensifies with age. I’d love to see an equation that expresses the horror: f(age, contacts, favors,..) 
\peterfenton- Oh, 25th place, list included relay teams. I'll be lucky to get 50th at big Sur marathon in 3 weeks. Thank god for the day job! 
\peterfenton- Fun but that hurt. took 3' off last yr time, 265W bike, 6:20 min/mile run, 27th/700 thx to all the pros this yr. 
\peterfenton- 30 min to race start. Soooo happy this is only an Olympic distance. 
\peterfenton- !!WINDY!! here in kona, rode 280W for 40' or so to warm up for race, avg 18mph out, 33MPH back. 
\peterfenton- Twilight in kona. Just landed. Best flight of my life, pilot decided "volcano tour", flew like small jet. Epic 
\peterfenton- Great advice for insomniac athletes from @johndillon..visualize a long, epic trail run you have done when you can't fall asleep 
\peterfenton- Sorry SF parking, I've got your # now! RT @manukimar mashup of SF parking tickets 
\peterfenton- Feeling robbed of 30 minutes from last nights late season 2 weeds episode. Bad writing. Another lesson in why I *love* southpark 
\peterfenton- Headed to 70% effective tax rate thanks to the meter maids. 
\peterfenton- 65 degrees here in park city, ski season finished, c'est la vie, going for 16 mile run on converted railroad track 
\peterfenton- Will Fenton's first flight...it's fun being the the glared at versus glaring at on the flight. 
\peterfenton- Parking tickets are like hiccups. You don't appreciate their absence unless you have just had them. 1 hour in the red and no punishment!!!! 
\peterfenton- Keith Jarrett trio **sublime** even if he is flame for mothes of faux turtleneck beret wearin guys 
\peterfenton- amazed with @kevinrose truly awesome 
\peterfenton- Dog flying 
\peterfenton- Little bunny Xuxa tearing up crissy field. Crisp wonderful morning 
\peterfenton- A rare "double" ticket, at this rate sf headed for budget surplus in 09 
\peterfenton- a tiny spark would blow up our house tonight thanks to our dog's uncontrollable flatulence...gassing every 90-120 seconds. 
\peterfenton- Uplifting dinner, smartest public investor in room says s+p 450, 7x trough multiple of earnings, 20-25percent decline in next 12 mos 
\peterfenton- THE TRUTH RT @bgurley ATC: How To Monetize a Social Network: Copy Tencent (and DENA and GREE ...) 
\peterfenton- Sunday Brunch for Will...5 weeks 
\peterfenton- Stonehouse 2.0 
\peterfenton- Perfect Big Sur day 
\peterfenton- Anyone doing the big sur marathon??? 
\peterfenton- Giant Binocs [pic] 
\peterfenton- Will's finger grip when feeding topped only by loving gaze. Need to remember for when he totals the car 
\peterfenton- rt @jlanzone So worth watching: One of the most elaborate pranks ever from @_CollegeHumor_: 
\peterfenton- remember ross perot? the cranky old man explains how we're up the creek thank fellow texan bill gurley for this 
\peterfenton- chewing gum is the new cigarette. thank god I wasnt working in the early 60's. 
\peterfenton- Final score: apline dam hills 1, Xuxa 0. Epic run. 
\peterfenton- At next stoplight. The girl s now pleasing the guy, in broad daylight. Unreal 
\peterfenton- Wow, at stoplight on lombard and teenage boy and his girlfriend doing bong hits in car next to me...the dude is driving! 
\peterfenton- Some wisdom from @johndillon, "there's an old saying in sales, 'never lose alone'. " 
\peterfenton- Inserting the new "Mini USBs" into devices make me feel like an old person trying to load a CD...you will know what i mean once you try 
\peterfenton- bullseye"stuff white people like": shorts, the idea of soccer, outdoor performance clothing, and the sunday NYTimes: 
\peterfenton- Great review of Flathead Thomas Friedman "a Joyce of Flaubert in reverse"....http://bit.ly/13TOTW 
\peterfenton- Jackie Greene is proof good things can come out of backwards places (sacramento that is) 
\peterfenton- Cecilia Bartoli would be famous today even if she was born 200 years ago 
\peterfenton- on the fence??...go for.that run in the rain!!! It looks awful, yes, but after 5 mins of hell n its far far better than running in the heat 
\peterfenton- Shocker from the catholics...breast flashes every 2pm in san francisco: 
\peterfenton- Another day, another parking ticket 
\peterfenton- while most things worth doing are worth doing to excess, the 4th cup of blue bottle coffee makes cups 1,2,3 all bad 
\peterfenton- Doing my part to close the SF budget gap one parking ticket at a time, or more specifically 1 parking ticket a day for the last week 
\peterfenton- UI 
\peterfenton- this may be single best biking photo I have ever seen: 
\peterfenton- Malcolm Gladwell said...“Atticus Finch was a creep and a scumbag. I’m serious. Read that book again.” Just did, and agree 
\peterfenton- Fatherhood lesson: doing the dishes went from ugh to easy, most things in life relative 
\peterfenton- Thinking about my physical for paris marathon yesterday..doctor told me if I kept up 2-3 drinks a night ill be mentally impaired by age 50 
\peterfenton- a fun way to see what's going on in the bay...http://hd-sf.com/livemap.html 
\peterfenton- Xuxa (our sweet german shorthair) + 30 mile run + ocean swim = valntines bliss 
\peterfenton- Could not be more excited about the opportunity ahead for Twitter.All of Benchmark thrilled to help the team reach their full potential 
\peterfenton- 1 week! 
\peterfenton- HUGE!!!! BILL GURLEY BLOGS AGAIN!!!! 
\peterfenton- sadly the office jumped shark at least 2 yrs ago 
\peterfenton- Blue Bottle coffee...wow. one of the rare things in life losing sleep over 
\peterfenton- Sumatra 
\peterfenton- Nice quake 
\peterfenton- Fiery red sunset in bigsur....about to eat fish we just caught 
\peterfenton- Wondering what company at first round elatable will recommend to me as best 
\peterfenton- wondering where to go on my honeymoon 
\peterfenton- Another meeting where min1 I know its a no and 59min left 
\peterfenton- Thinking I need to ask my partners for their autograph next time I see them 
\peterfenton- Now simple twist of fate, which is a better song than tangled....wait a minute, iLike.. 
\peterfenton- Gone native in jamaica 
\peterfenton- Waiting in customs in jamaica. Bananna republic. 9hrs flying in middle seat coach. Family reunions suck. 
\peterfenton- Notes please!!! Glad to own tencent and naspers 
\peterfenton- Istockphoti 
\peterfenton- Just closed melmon for hyperic. Feels so good to beat sequoia 
\peterfenton- What's ms la's name? Any photos? True she looks like phoebe cates???? 
\peterfenton- Talking to gaia about twitter 
\peterfenton- Talking about twitter at mothers day dinner...tivo"s warriers game, but thanks to bills twit no need to watch 
\peterfenton- Looking at kagle and marissa...bob's hollywood black, so cool 
\peterfenton- 40 miles into 80, pitstop at tomales bay...cold but beautiful, but I see that baron dunk when I close my eyes 
\peterfenton- At mexico cafe in south park trying to get lunch 
\peterfenton-   damn interesting 
\peterfenton- Spring's booth 6 layers deep with traffic at javaone, keep hearing "spring is now defacto javaee" 
\peterfenton- Having dinner with spring. These guys rock. Announce tomorow 
\peterfenton- Listening to the foghorn as I cool off to the natural AC in the city 
\peterfenton- Our 150k a year it boys apparently sleep when their cash register craps out on them 
\peterfenton- Cobblers have the worst shoes 
\peterfenton- Live by the 3 die by 3... 
\peterfenton- In cab going to warriors game 
\peterfenton- first im twit 
\peterfenton- Thinking about twitter engineering leads 
\peterfenton- Looking at the moon reflecting off the ocean in bigsur...post marathon bliss 
\peterfenton- Enjoying perfect big sur day..resting after morning of pain 
\peterfenton- gloating about isilon 
\peterfenton- Dog has crazies 
\peterfenton- Dog has crazies 
\peterfenton- In bed with a dog...awaiting my 5am workout. 
\peterfenton- awake 
\peterfenton- Getting lunch 
\peterfenton- MyMint just closed a Series B of $4.2M 
\peterfenton- pinged mymint and 37signals ceo's... 
\peterfenton- Starving 
\peterfenton- thinking about why we haven't done any great ondemand companies lately 
\peterfenton- working on series b 
\peterfenton- Working on a series b pitch 
\peterfenton- working while looking at the gathering storm over the bay 
\pmarca- Last Public Service Announcement for a while: 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement HT @NAChristakis 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- "Xerox management said go create the new world. We don't understand it. Here are people who have a lot of ideas and… 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement from the former Commissioner of the FDA 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement from Los Alamos National Laboratory 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement from former Commissioner of the FDA 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement: Hand hygiene denialism has a long and tragic history. HT @lorakolodny… 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement from former Commissioner of the FDA 
\pmarca- Public Service Announcement 
\pmarca- "My brain . . . it cannot process failure. It will not process failure. Because if I sit there and have to face mys… 
\pmarca- Jim Lehrer, giant of journalism, RIP 
\pmarca- "It's easier to hold your principles 100 percent of the time than it is to hold them 98 percent of the time." -- Cl… 
\pmarca- "It’s been a great adventure for me to be so hated by people I hold in contempt." -- Roger Scruton, champion of freedom, RIP 
\pmarca- “The biggest kick is reading something new and exciting and then getting other people to share your enthusiasm. Bey… 
\pmarca- "It’s not a compliment when someone tells you you’re a survivor. It’s bullshit. We’re all survivors till we die. Ge… 
\pmarca- "The world of technology thrives best when individuals are left alone to be different, creative, and disobedient."… 
\pmarca- My partner @bhorowitz has a new book! You can buy it here and this is what it's about and w… 
\pmarca- "If you’re on the right side of the issue, just keep driving until you hear glass breaking. Don’t quit." —T. Boone… 
\pmarca- "Life is never more fun than when you're the underdog competing against the giants." --Ross Perot, founder of EDS, RIP 
\pmarca- Wait, sorry, what'd you say? I can't quite make out-- I think the signal is breaking up -- zzhjzhzfffhg gdfhiogdfsa… 
\pmarca- Want to learn the deepest secrets of Silicon Valley and venture capital? Pick up my partner @skupor's new tell-all… 
\pmarca- Hello? Hello? [tap tap tap] Is this thing on? 
\pmarca- "Authors did not start declaring communism dead until just before its actual demise in 1989. Liberalism, by contras… 
\pmarca- "According to this analysis, liberalism first died in the late 1870s, then died some more at the turn of the 20th c… 
\pmarca- "The prediction of liberalism’s imminent demise is hardly a new story. Scholars and statesmen have been declaring l… 
\pmarca- "Critics agree that liberalism can no longer solve our deep social, cultural, political and economic problems, and… 
\pmarca- "A record-low of U.S. workers earned poverty-level wages last year, and that share is likely to fall further."… 
\pmarca- "When moderates acquiesce to partisans, they signal to the opposition ideological inflexibility and unwillingness t… 
\pmarca- "Preference falsification artificially inflates political polarization. If our political preferences have been fals… 
\pmarca- "Less opinionated entrants falsify their preferences to not upset those who decide the rules, rewards, and punishme… 
\pmarca- "How do moderates navigate this complex web of political tribes and echo chambers? Simply put, they falsify their p… 
\pmarca- "Moderates are more likely to move toward the extremes than partisans are to move toward the middle. Given their fl… 
\pmarca- "We falsify our preferences to maintain or improve our standing within a group. Conformity to group preferences yie… 
\pmarca- "One of the most important concepts for understanding social behavior is preference falsification -- when an indivi… 
\pmarca- "Most Americans are not impassioned ideologues, neither coopted by Soros nor swayed by Koch. According to a May 201… 
\pmarca- "Do most people legitimately disagree with one another? Or are they merely conforming to supposedly dominant ideas?… 
\pmarca- "Persons in authority have had to jump through hoops of fire to achieve their lofty posts -- and feel disinclined t… 
\pmarca- "Two modes of being, old and new, hierarchical and networked, industrial and egalitarian, top down and bottom up, s… 
\pmarca- "The docile mass audience, so easily persuaded by advertisers and politicians, had been a monopolist's fantasy whic… 
\pmarca- "Public discussion was limited to a very few topics of interest to the articulate elites." 
\pmarca- "Back when the world and I were young, information was scarce, hence valuable... A curious thing happens to sources… 
\pmarca- Thread: Reading The Revolt Of The Public And The Crisis Of Authority In The New Millennium by @mgurri --&gt; 
\pmarca- Extreme Ownership: How U.S. Navy SEALs Lead and Win by @jockowillink -- I hand out more copies of this book than an… 
\pmarca- Triumph of the City: How Our Greatest Invention Makes Us Richer, Smarter, Greener, Healthier, and Happier by Edward… 
\pmarca- The Rational Optimist: How Prosperity Evolves by @mattwridley -- Sparkling explanation of how the economy evolves,… 
\pmarca- A Spy Among Friends: Kim Philby and the Great Betrayal by @BenMacintyre1 -- True, chilling saga of straight up, pro… 
\pmarca- How to Live: A Life of Montaigne in One Question and Twenty Attempts at an Answer by @Sarah_Bakewell -- "How to get… 
\pmarca- Lone Survivor: The Eyewitness Account of Operation Redwing and the Lost Heroes of SEAL Team 10 by @MarcusLuttrell -… 
\pmarca- A Very Expensive Poison: The Assassination of Alexander Litvinenko by @lukeharding1968 -- The astonishing story of… 
\pmarca- The Myth of the Rational Voter by @bryan_caplan -- "The median American is a moderate national socialist – statist… 
\pmarca- Living with a SEAL: 31 Days Training with the Toughest Man on the Planet by @the100MileMan -- What's it like to tra… 
\pmarca- Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign by @jonallendc &amp; @amieparnes -- Best (?) book so far on the Dem… 
\pmarca- Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald Trump, and the Storming of the Presidency by @JoshuaGreen -- Best (?) book so… 
\pmarca- The Rise of Superman: Decoding the Science of Ultimate Human Performance by @steven_kotler -- Startling walk throug… 
\pmarca- Civilian Warriors: The Inside Story of Blackwater by Erik Prince -- The founding and growth of military contractor… 
\pmarca- Days of Rage: America's Radical Underground, the FBI, and the Forgotten Age of Revolutionary Violence by… 
\pmarca- Hacks: The Inside Story of the Break-ins and Breakdowns That Put Donald Trump in the White House by @donnabrazile -… 
\pmarca- Slugfest: Inside the Epic, 50-year Battle between Marvel and DC by @reed_tucker -- Spellbinding creative and busine… 
\pmarca- 12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos by @jordanbpeterson -- A bracing disassembly and reconstruction of a theory… 
\pmarca- Skin in the Game by @nntaleb -- Skin in the game as conflict of interest, or as attaching one's livelihood to one's… 
\pmarca- Conspiracy: Peter Thiel, Hulk Hogan, Gawker, and the Anatomy of Intrigue by @RyanHoliday -- Startlingly deep cultur… 
\pmarca- A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership by @Comey -- Certainly the story is well known, but given author's pr… 
\pmarca- The Strange Death of Europe by @DouglasKMurray -- One perspective on the politics of immgiration in Europe, playing… 
\pmarca- Chasing Hillary: Ten Years, Two Presidential Campaigns, and One Intact Glass Ceiling by @amychozick -- On the bus/i… 
\pmarca- But What If We're Wrong?: Thinking About the Present As If It Were the Past by @CKlosterman -- Wide-ranging meditat… 
\pmarca- When the Wolves Bite: Two Billionaires, One Company, and an Epic Wall Street Battle by @ScottWapnerCNBC -- "Wall St… 
\pmarca- All Out War: The Full Story of How Brexit Sank Britain's Political Class by @ShippersUnbound -- Inside story of how… 
\pmarca- The Courage to Be Disliked by Ichiro Kishimi &amp; Fumitake Koga -- Smash hit in Japan, and easy to see why. Adlerian p… 
\pmarca- A Guide to the Good Life: The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy by William B. Irvine -- Best (?) walk through the ancient/cu… 
\pmarca- The Spider Network by @davidenrich -- "Billions"-esque saga of global financial market manipulation, at mind-boggli… 
\pmarca- Thinking in Bets by @AnnieDuke -- Compact guide to probabilistic domains like poker, or venture capital. Best artic… 
\pmarca- Thinking, Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman -- Captivating dive into human decision making, marred by inclusion of s… 
\pmarca- Expert Political Judgment: How Good Is It? How Can We Know? by @PTetlock -- Is the future knowable, and by whom? Al… 
\pmarca- Thread: Books I've recently read and recommend --&gt; 
\joshk- I remember reading @JohnCarreyrou's @WSJ stories on Theranos in 2015 and 2016 thinking, "this is incredibly well re… 
\joshk- The first time I rang a bell in public - it was when Infonautics went public in 1996. Today I was more nervous ;-)… 
\joshk- Just found @LeadEdgeCapital's "Hierarchy of Information Disclosure." Companies choose which data to present -- ra… 
\joshk- Looks like I need to update the job description for my Chief of Staff. #AlwaysLearning 
\joshk- Uncle. I just turned my Twitter DMs back off. I've now received well over 125 pitch decks -- which will keep me b… 
\joshk- I've received an average of one pitch deck every 7 minutes since I posted this. Looks like I'll be busy while every… 
\joshk- I love Philly. I bet the have a search warrant out for Jawn The Baptist as we speak... 
\joshk- "Ski Week" isn't a thing in Philadelphia. If you're a founder raising seed-stage capital -- drop me a line. I'm working this week 😁🏂⏳ 
\joshk- Name that autobiography 
\joshk- And I get cramps and complain when I have to sit in a car for 26.2 miles... 
\joshk- Question that few founders ask themselves: If my company could "own" the first result of any Google search, what w… 
\joshk- Who wants to be an angel? 
\joshk- Nice move 
\joshk- There are over 2 million people in America struggling with opioid use disorder but they can’t get the evidence-base… 
\joshk- The feeling when you accidentally delete an email - and don’t know which email it was. If you’re expecting an em… 
\joshk- So excited to have @tjack on board a partner at @firstround . Todd is an incredible founder, product leader, exec,… 
\joshk- At the #UpfrontSummit, @robhayes is waiting in line for selfies with all the icons 
\joshk- #Goals 
\joshk- Hard to believe that it has been 20 years since we launched live on the @TODAYshow. A lot'… 
\joshk- Thrilled to announce that Lisa Hughes is the new Publisher &amp; CEO of the @PhillyInquirer. Her experience as Publishe… 
\joshk- Anyone know if @FedEx has a venture capital arm/program? Or someone who leads strategic investments for them? Asking for a friend ;-) 
\joshk- How probation detainers can keep people locked up indefinitely — even when they haven’t committed a crime. Great… 
\joshk- Wishing everyone a fabulous new year — full of happiness, laughter and health...and that this is the year that… 
\joshk- Super insightful (and transparent) view of the startup mortality table... 
\joshk- Thrilled to be an investor in ⁦@snackpass_⁩. ⁦@iamktizzel⁩, Jamie Marshall and their team has cracked the code on… 
\joshk- Found the password. Made the final change to the website. Can forget the password now. 
\joshk- Crap — I think I forgot the password to change the website. 
\joshk- New season...who dis? 
\joshk- “Once people see it in person, it’s no longer a crazy idea...”. So cool to see @NewStoryCharity create an entire 3D… 
\joshk- ⬇️⬇️ This ⬇️⬇️ 
\joshk- When @GrittyNHL was first revealed, the initial reaction of most Philadelphians was negative. “He’s ugly. He’s aw… 
\joshk- “The health of the co-founder relationship is the KPI that no one seems to be tracking, even though it’s inextricab… 
\joshk- So this happened. @MichaelBlackson let me borrow his coat. Who wore it better? 
\joshk- I’ll be off of Twitter for the next few hours. If it’s urgent, please feel free to DM or text me your tweets compl… 
\joshk- The feeling when your team sends you Dilbert cartoons to “subtly” suggest that ways to improve your internal commun… 
\joshk- Pete Musser was the OG VC. From Comcast to QVC, Pete shaped the world as we know it - and a generation of entrepren… 
\joshk- .@GradyJS has been a great advocate for Philadelphia. The work he did at @PIDCphila had a positive impact on virtu… 
\joshk- On May 26, 2016 @realdonaldtrump clinched the Republican nomination. It also is (not coincidentally) the day I re… 
\joshk- No caption necessary 
\joshk- Congrats to @km and @stevejang on the launch of @kindredventures. Can't wait to see the kindred spirits they back.… 
\joshk- Definition of kvell - to be extroadinarily proud. I'm kvelling for @natsturner and @zachweinberg on making the… 
\joshk- A change in #VC has been long overdue and @AllRaise has been paving the way for this. I’m proud to be an ally of th… 
\joshk- "Bowery estimates that its system is 100 times more productive than a traditional farm on the same amount of land" 
\joshk- Are you a creative and unconventional thinker, yet also highly analytical and logical? Come be my next Chief of Sta… 
\joshk- I think @carynm650 will be an amazing VC -- entrepreneurs can learn so much from her. Congrats to her and Coatue! 
\joshk- TikTok for...deep fakes 
\joshk- OH: Most entrepreneurs-turned-VCs never operated a profitable business...until they started a venture fund. 
\joshk- TikTok for...out of office messages 
\joshk- If you serve burnt pizza, you’re not getting feedback on whether they like pizza - just that they don’t like burnt… 
\joshk- Excited to announce our investment in @Kandjiapp today. 
\joshk- So @JeffBezos’s true acquisition cost of the @washingtonpost was actually $10.25B not $250M. 
\joshk- Looking forward to being interviewed by @bmarimow65 at @BPHLFest tomorrow at 4:00 p.m. at the @FitlerClub. We will… 
\joshk- 9/ At the early stages of a company's life, the focus is often on "What" to build…not how might it get valued. Yet… 
\joshk- 8/ Some of my biggest investment losses and regretted passes have come from erroneously predicting how a hybrid com… 
\joshk- 7/ It's often hard to know how hybrid companies will be valued (and what their margins will be). The original bluep… 
\joshk- 6/ But here's the rub: many modern tech companies are not pure plays…they are hybrids. Hybrids are harder to catego… 
\joshk- 5/ There are some companies where it's somewhat easy to understand how it will be valued -- often because they are… 
\joshk- 4/ I think the same general rule applies to startups. A SaaS company doing $100M in revenues has a margin structure… 
\joshk- 3/ But after you complete the house and go to sell the it, the value is typically impacted FAR more by the market y… 
\joshk- 2/ Imagine building a house. You spend a ton of time devising plans for the house. How large ? How many bedrooms? M… 
\joshk- 1/ Some thoughts on how companies get valued. When it comes to exit valuations, "Where" you build often matters m… 
\joshk- Looking for a co-founder? Here's an amazing playbook on how to find your co-founder ...and 50 questions to ask to… 
\joshk- 
\joshk- Breaking news: @firstround unveils new foldable term sheet in surprise announcement 
\joshk- This is the best 20 second encapsulation of Philadelphia I’ve ever seen. #PhillyPhilly 
\joshk- Exciting news from @NotionHQ! Starting today, @NotionHQ is free for students &amp; teachers. Use your school email to… 
\joshk- Exciting news from @NotionHQ! Starting today, @NotionHQ is free for students &amp; teachers. Use your school email to… 
\joshk- So. Much. Wrong. Here. 
\joshk- 40 awesome interview questions from some of the smartest people we know. 
\joshk- Hey Philly: if you haven't subscribed to the @PhillyInquirer, here's a crazy good offer. GET SIX MONTHS FOR SIX DOL… 
\joshk- Attention college students: Did you know that if you are a partner at @DormRoomFund in school, there is about a 1… 
\joshk- . @DataBrett's new book "The Entrepreneur's Essentials" is out -- focusing on helping entrepreneurs as they "journe… 
\joshk- A huge thank you to the incredible @jerrycolonna for coming to Philadelphia to run a mini-bootcamp for 22 Philly fo… 
\joshk- What if there was a predictive indicator of the likelihood of financial crisis? Richard Vague shares his formula fo… 
\joshk- We are hiring at @firstround. Come join our team to help our companies connect with customers and experts. 
\joshk- In 1993, I co-founded my first company, Infonautics (one of the first educational online services for kids). Before… 
\joshk- Current mood 
\joshk- Resending this oldie-but-goodie as a public service announcement. (And if you’re wondering if this tweet is a resp… 
\joshk- Cause: On Feb. 20, 2019 @lisagartner uncovers decades of abuse at Glen Mills school in her @PhillyInquirer story.… 
\joshk- ...66% of venture-backed startups that exited in the last decade didn't return meaningful capital. But 20% generat… 
\joshk- Julian Brodsky is a legend. I was fortunate enough to cross paths with Julian when @Comcast funded my startups (Inf… 
\joshk- Turnarounds are hard. Especially in a community driven marketplaces with different constituencies. What… 
\joshk- If you tend to avoid conflict, don't avoid reading this @firstround Review article: Our 6 Must Reads for Cutting T… 
\joshk- Serial-founder (and fellow Philadelphian) @ricknucci dropping alls kinds of knowledge on the @firstround Review! "C… 
\joshk- If you haven't become a registered bone marrow donor, it's not hard. Just a swab of your cheek. Get your free kit… 
\joshk- Fast Track connects experienced leaders with rising stars in high-impact mentorship pairs. If you're a seasoned ope… 
\joshk- The end of an era. When I was an undergraduate I interviewed for a summer job at the @Wharton Small Business Develo… 
\joshk- The inside story of how this startup turned a 216-word pitch email into a $2.6 billion acquisition (ft. @LookerData… 
\joshk- Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm - Winston Churchill 
\joshk- Anyone have the initials ERK and want a monogrammed passport holder? A company goofed and sent my nephew 10 instea… 
\joshk- I always learn something when I spend time with @wileycerilli. Yesterday’s lesson: “Happiness is the gap between expectations and outcomes”. 
\joshk- After 200+ redeye flights here's my feature request. Let passengers board 2-3 hours early. They'll watch the safety… 
\joshk- It's never been a better time to be a student entrepreneur. Thrilled to announce @DormRoomFund's new leadership tea… 
\joshk- Congrats to Bill Marvin, Chris Seib and Philadelphia-based @Instamed on their huge acquisition by @jpmorgan. An am… 
\joshk- A Haiku: Doink. Doink. Doink. Doink. In Sixers season is over. Next year TTP! 
\joshk- Great story on ⁦@RootRobots⁩ and its tomato-picking robot Virgo. 
\joshk- How long until quant hedge funds try to build a stock trading strategy around this? 
\joshk- It’s been quite a ride... 
\joshk- Apparently sometimes I embarrass my kids 
\joshk- A really important piece by ⁦@molly_g⁩ in this @firstround review story. “What would happen if we all talked more o… 
\joshk- Excited to back @apatzer again at @Vital_EHR. They are tackling long wait times and ancient hospital software with… 
\joshk- Know any doctors that want to save an hour each workday? Send them to @SukiHQ! 
\joshk- Agreed. Though I believe that @KelvinBeachumJr is not an athlete who invests. He’s an investor who plays football. 
\joshk- The secret to my success: New study shows that jet lag from redeye flights might be beneficial to brain health 
\joshk- This building had some serious panic buttons. Air purge?? 
\joshk- New on @firstround Review: @JefferyWald reflects on the seldom discussed truths from his brushes with failure by wa… 
\joshk- One of the most insightful dissections of Amazon (and Walmart) I've read in a long time - (… 
\joshk- Great writeup of @RootRobots and how robotics and AI are helping to solve big problems in agriculture. 
\joshk- Just watched @bgurley's presentation on how to pursue your dream job. This should be required viewing at all colleg… 
\joshk- 6/ Philadelphia deserves new ideas &amp; better government. It deserves an end to the harmful process of councilmanic p… 
\joshk- 5/ Philladelphis is dominated by a single political party. As a result, there has historically been no real challen… 
\joshk- 4/ I've chosen to publicly share my support of @phila3_0 publicly because I wanted to clarify that I will have no f… 
\joshk- 3/ Today I'm announcing that I am supporting @phila3_0 in their efforts to improve local government. This organiza… 
\joshk- 2/ I've supported @startupleaders and @startupPHL (to help build our startup ecosystem), @codedbykids (to help Phil… 
\joshk- 1/ I'm not a Philly native, but Philadelphia has been my home for the last 30 years. I traded in my Knicks/Islander… 
\joshk- Richard Vague outlines a compelling, cautionary tale of how countries go from copycats to innovators -- by highligh… 
\joshk- Great piece by @punitsoni on his journey from big corp exec (Google/Flipkart) to running a startup (@SukiHQ). A mu… 
\joshk- We're back with our next 2 cohorts of @firstround Angel Track - a 12-week masterclass in SF and NY for exceptional… 
\joshk- Philadelphia deserves Term Limits. "Philadelphia is also among the only cities that has mayoral term limits - two… 
\joshk- A great overview of how students are founding, funding and joining startups by @ShawnXu via @techcrunch 
\joshk- My daily routine: 1) Get an email from a VC I know asking me to intro them w/ @ivanhzhao &amp; @NotionHQ 2) Forward i… 
\joshk- Excited to announce our investment in ⁦@athenascope⁩ to bring gamers AI-edited highlight reels 
\joshk- Congrats to @TaliaGold on becoming a partner at @BessemerVP. The @DormRoomFund alumni network is rapidly becoming… 
\joshk- Last quarterback to throw a touchdown pass in the Super Bowl: Nick Foles #FlyEaglesFly 
\joshk- Fun to talk with ⁦@HarryStebbings⁩ about all things venture...such as: Why Price Is Both An Art and A Science and T… 
\joshk- "In a free state, there should always be an Inquirer asking on behalf of the people..." -- John Norvell (Philadelph… 
\joshk- "Until then, see you on the redeye!" 
\joshk- "We don’t have elections. We have coronations." Philadelphia Needs Term Limits for City Council… 
\joshk- Loved this week's @twentyminutevc episode with @fdestin! 
\joshk- What @sweetgreen can teach startups about scaling intimacy (new on @firstround Review) 
\joshk- Motorcycles are common (2018: Honda sold 18M motorcycles) Jet planes are rare (2018: 806 Boeing planes) VCs sell… 
\joshk- Read the @firstround Review's annual roundup for a time-capsule-like toolkit, full of 2018's best tactical wisdom f… 
\joshk- Excited to back @robertjmoore and @getcrossbeam as they help companies build more valuable partnerships... 
\joshk- So you’re saying there’s a chance!!! #FlyEaglesFly 
\joshk- A great post by @fredwilson: The Profit Motive - 
\joshk- This is public service journalism at it's finest. Kudos to the entire @PhillyInquirer team for making an impact on… 
\joshk- Firstround: We celebrated the last 10 years by making a holiday video Me: Don't Say It Don't Say It Don't Say It D… 
\joshk- “Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.” Peter F. Drucker - 1909-2005 -… 
\joshk- Congrats to @oroup and the @VigLink team!! 
\joshk- 11/ You can see the rest of the findings from our survey — answers to dozens of questions about what it like to run… 
\joshk- 10/ Less than 1% of founders say blockchain or cryptocurrency technology has been revolutionary for them or their p… 
\joshk- 9/ Of the founders that had a POV on the topic, 77% of them think that big tech companies like @facebook, @Twitter… 
\joshk- 8/ Many respondents are likely to have a Softbank-funded competitor, yet 70% of them still see @SoftBank as a net p… 
\joshk- 7/ 39% of founders predict that China will occupy the center of the tech world in 2028. However, over 50% say the c… 
\joshk- 6/ @Stripe's valuation already sits at a lofty $20B, but founders still think it will rise the most over the next d… 
\joshk- 5/ When asked which U.S.-based company will spin out the next generation of notable founders, 23% of respondents na… 
\joshk- 4/ Founders are optimistic about IPOs for the fourth year running. 78% of respondents predict the pace for public o… 
\joshk- 3/ Naysayers may still believe that real-time messaging tools are a real time suck, but 70% of founders say tools l… 
\joshk- 2/ 66% of male founders say that tech companies are inclusive for parents, yet only 34% of female founders feel the… 
\joshk- 1/ 89% of founders believe that older people face age discrimination in tech. And "older" doesn't mean octogenarian… 
\joshk- We just published @firstround's 4th annual State of Startups report. Here are the Top 10 highlights:… 
\joshk- I am thrilled to support @CodedByKids in their mission to develop the next generation of diverse technology leaders… 
\joshk- We're looking to add a Writer to the @firstround Review team (can be located in Philly, SF, NY or remote). If you'r… 
\joshk- After 2 years, 5 cohorts, and hundreds of participants, we're scaling our mentorship program. Help us find the incr… 
\joshk- Given the horrific scale of the opioid epidemic, I think the tech industry needs to come up with a better way to de… 
\joshk- 5/ Rob remains a valued @Firstround partner and a cherished friend. I've often said "I'd rather be a better picker… 
\joshk- 4/ I'm thrilled that Rob will continue to remain active at @Firstround - while also giving himself the space to tra… 
\joshk- 3/ Rob has played a key role in building and growing @Firstround. He was our first San Francisco-based partner, and… 
\joshk- 2/ This is not a surprise, as we've talked about it (and planned it) for years. And it's also not a retirement, as… 
\joshk- 1/ At @Firstround we try to be as transparent as we can about venture capital. And we think our approach to generat… 
\joshk- What an inspiration - after building @BayadaHHC to over $1.5 Billion in revenues, founder Mark Bayada gifts $20M to… 
\joshk- “You got a right to make all the money you want...”. This blatant fraud has got to stop —It’s time to get rid of c… 
\joshk- The Sixers have done well with AI before. 
\joshk- Maybe the @Sixers should sign this robot. Question: Can a robot get the yips? #AskingForAFriend 
\joshk- Is it just me, or are more and more seed stage pitches “underpants gnome” business modes with “blockchain” as phase… 
\joshk- Congrats to @doughertym, @jateen and the @JelliNoise team on their sale to @iHeartRadio. Your passion, persistence… 
\joshk- Jimmy. Butler. 
\joshk- 5/ CAUSE: EFFECT: 
\joshk- Amazing to see @natsturner on the cover of @Forbes! 
\joshk- 4/ Public service investigative journalism makes our cities safer and better places. Local newspapers have a major… 
\joshk- 3/ CAUSE: EFFECT: 
\joshk- 2/ CAUSE: EFFECT: 
\joshk- 1/ I joined the board of the @PhillyInquirer because I believe it that local news is a CAUSE worth supporting. Hav… 
\joshk- A clear and concise four-step approach to finding product market fit -- by @rahulvohra in @FirstRound Review -- 
\joshk- Add @gopuff to my "woulda coulda shoulda" list. Congrats to Yakir and Rafael on their impressive traction. 
\joshk- Excited to back @64minusX in their mission to engineer microbes that solve longstanding problems in biomanufacturin… 
\joshk- One of my favorite pastimes when spending time with other VC's is to try to decide which phase of the VC lifecycle… 
\joshk- Hockey rink politics: Some Pennsylvania hockey rinks are full of people in red hats. Others are full of TED hats. 
\joshk- Congrats to @adampritzker and @AssembledBrands on their impressive partnership with @Oaktree! 
\joshk- TBT to when I bought the domain for $2K. (And I’m loving the AOL and Hotmail email address… 
\joshk- The whole world looks so much better... on the day you get your glasses prescription updated ;-) 
\joshk- Excited to be participating in @AllRaise's "VC Champions" program to help build a more diverse VC community. 
\joshk- .@davegilboa stopped by @Firstround's Founder Summit to share how @WarbyParker makes every point In Its employee li… 
\joshk- So here's a question: Who owns An introvert -- or a @socialcapital departee? 
\joshk- Inspired by the amazing turnout to honor and celebrate the life of Gerry Lenfest. It seems that every Philadelphia… 
\joshk- Great to hear my partner @phineasb on @twentyminutevc w/ @HarryStebbings this morning! Loved the discussion on how… 
\joshk- So proud to be able to work with @terryegger, @swischnowski and the rest of the team working to re-imagine local jo… 
\joshk- I've been on Twitter for 12.5 years. Impressed (and a little depressed) that @GrittyNHL has as many followers as I… 
\joshk- Great POV from a startup in a rapidly evolving industry: "There are two kinds of companies - there are companies t… 
\joshk- Wow. I was ahead of my time!! h/t @apugupta 
\joshk- Hello Boston! Excited to speak at @Forbes #30under30 this morning. (I’ll be the old guy who’s hoping to make the 5… 
\joshk- Fun conversation with @aloktayi on the @digitalbiotech podcast... 
\joshk- Even Kellogg’s is backing Unicorns 
\joshk- I've learned so much from my friend (and @Firstround cofounder) @HLMorgan over the years. Today he is dropping some… 
\joshk- Great story about @KiwiCo_inc. After raising just $10M, they've been debt-free &amp; profitable since 2016; will hit $1… 
\joshk- “When all is said and done, more is said than done.” - Lou Holtz. 
\joshk- SO. MUCH. WINNING. 
\joshk- Congrats to @BoxedWholesale on their $100M+ fundraise. My favorite quote from @Astrochieh in today's NYT: Most of… 
\joshk- Super insightful perspective from @fdestin on venture capital decision making. The longer I've been a VC the more… 
\joshk- My submission to @MerriamWebster: A Sixth Sense Company -- a company that is dead but doesn't know it yet... 
\joshk- Congrats to @AnjneyMidha and @ubiquity_6 on their $27M Series B fundraise to build a more user-friendly augmented r… 
\joshk- If anyone is thinking about raising money from @BeCurious_VC, feel free to reach out to me for a reference call before you do. 
\joshk- Thrilled that @firstround can continue to support @8ennett, @Arrel and the entire @wonderschools team. They've jus… 
\joshk- Proud to support @RootRobots as it brings its first line of robotic harvesting and farm optimization technologies t… 
\joshk- 5/His kindness and generosity will not be forgotten. While Gerry's hands might have been calloused from hard work,… 
\joshk- 4/I've never met anyone else like Gerry. He was willing to take risks and think creatively. He always had a devilis… 
\joshk- 3/Gerry and his wife Marguerite decided to give away their fortune during their lifetime - years before the "giving… 
\joshk- 2/After buying the @PhillyInquirer he asked me to join the board. I said no. Gerry wouldn't take no for an answer.… 
\joshk- 1/I first met Gerry Lenfest in 2000, shortly after I sold my company to eBay. I was 29 years old and I thought I wa… 
\joshk- Jeremy was a force of nature. Philadelphia lost a visionary truth-teller with a strong moral compass. He was able… 
\joshk- Nice side effect of flying back and forth to SF in 36 hours without taking a redeye. 
\joshk- Excited to be backing @SwivelWork! Startups need a better office solution when they “graduate” from co-working spa… 
\joshk- Loved this "Investor Update Oath" from a repeat @Firstround founder. Focusing on transparency, brevity and frequenc… 
\joshk- Great profile of @Roblox: This video game is turning teenagers into millionaires — and it's on track to pay out $70… 
\joshk- 8/ Thank you for all that you’ve done @chrisfralic! We’re indebted to your selfless support of what we’ve created… 
\joshk- 7/ In his new role, Chris will continue to guide and support the companies he’s backed -- just as he’s done for mor… 
\joshk- 6/ Chris is always ready to go to bat for his companies, as evidenced by his exchange with Steve Jobs back in 2010… 
\joshk- 5/ Of course, @chrisfralic has helped us partner with a number of special companies like @roblox, @ring, @WarbyParker and @doubleverify 
\joshk- 4/ Chris also helped us set up our original NYC presence. And with @hayleybay now leading our NYC office (alongside… 
\joshk- 3/ In the early days @chrisfralic helped us run everything from our CEO Summit to our Ad Tech Treks. 
\joshk- 2/ We’re grateful for all that Chris has done to make @firstround into the franchise it is today. 
\joshk- 1/ I first met @chrisfralic 22 years ago and it’s turned out to be one of the most important partnerships of my lif… 
\joshk- Announcing our first investment in Wisconsin! Gregor Diagnostics is building a more accurate diagnostic test for pr… 
\joshk- Excited to bring another @firstround company out of stealth mode. @Perceptive_Auto launched today to help autonomo… 
\joshk- If you live in Philadelphia and want to join the @firstround team, than this role is for you!!! 
\joshk- Huge congrats to ⁦@bokelley⁩, @mikeonads, @mrubenstein99 and the entire ⁦@AppNexus⁩ team! Another big exit for the… 
\joshk- Super excited about @Firstround's growth in NYC! 
\joshk- What do fast/reliable wifi, post-organic produce, and the simplest cryptocurrency wallet have in common? They are… 
\joshk- Forget bike sharing and scooter sharing. I'm looking for a company launching a good old fashioned litter-on-demand… 
\joshk- I guess it was easier to “Trust The Process” than to “Trust His Wife”. 
\joshk- New on @firstround review: Organizational psychologist (and my friend) @AdamMGrant visited unconventional workplace… 
\joshk- This old 1960's Candid Camera clip shows the power of Social Norming. It's human nature to do what society implicit… 
\joshk- Everyone in the @Firstround community is going to miss you @CamilleRickets. You brought First Round Review to life… 
\joshk- The robots that are growing your kale - 
\joshk- Excited to see the Healthcare Co-op launch to provide capital &amp; amazing healthcare startup expertise to founders! 
\joshk- Great sessions at the @firstround Founders Summit. Want to attend next year? Let us know. We’re always looking f… 
\joshk- Congrats @anuduggalnyc ! 
\joshk- There are some founder meetings where I feel old AF 
\joshk- Do you write good? 
\joshk- Do you write good? 
\joshk- Really enjoyed hearing @geneumann on @twentyminutevc with @HarryStebbings great discussion on why spray and pray in… 
\joshk- I'm thrilled to be working with @punitsoni and the entire @SukiHQ team. They're building technology to allow docto… 
\joshk- I'm looking forward to @startupleaders #EntrepreneursExpo tomorrow night. It's one of my favorite events of… 
\joshk- This presentation by @tonyseba is a one hour masterclass on the power of disruptive change -- offering great clarit… 
\joshk- Someone at @phillydotcom has a sense of humor 
\joshk- So far in this #Flyers #Penguins series, the team who scored the first goal won the game. (As did the team who sco… 
\joshk- Great profile of @agnazem and @Nomad_Health in today's @barronsonline - 
\joshk- From Barbara Bush’s Commencement Address at the all-female Wellesley College, 1990: “And who knows? Somewhere out… 
\joshk- So thrilled for @JamieSiminoff, @Shaq and the entire @ring team on their acquisition by @Amazon. We're thrilled to… 
\joshk- Nice move @PhillyMayor 
\joshk- Cut Through Small Talk and Deliver Truly Meaningful Conversations — Here’s How (featuring @Firstround's inimitable… 
\joshk- I'm thrilled to be working with @tjack again -- and welcome him as @firstround's first Founder in Residence: 
\joshk- I'm pretty sure @LygosBiotech is the first @FirstRound company to win an award from the @NationalCorn Grower's Asso… 
\joshk- Thanks everyone for your help here - and for your applications. We received over 500+ amazing applications and jus… 
\joshk- Excited to welcome these 15 phenomenal operators into @firstround’s first Angel Track program! Together, they’ll l… 
\joshk- Congrats to Artem Mariychin, @faderp, @d_mccar and the entire @ZodiacMetrics team on their acquisition by @Nike! 
\joshk- The @WSJ reviewed @NotionHQ today! @pierce: "a rare renaissance app", "I used to need five separate apps... now it’… 
\joshk- Trust is vital for all healthy companies and work relationships. We're lucky to have tech leader @anneraimondi on… 
\joshk- The first week of #MarchMadness always breaks my Twitter search for "First Round"... 
\joshk- Leaders always underestimate how often they need to repeat things to keep everyone on the same page and motivated t… 
\joshk- 2/ Steve had an unwavering belief in the power of entrepreneurs to change the world for good, a relentless boosteri… 
\joshk- 1/ Today’s generation of Philadelphia founders and founders owes Steve Goodman a massive debt of gratitude for the… 
\joshk- Such a powerful insight from @AdamMGrant's new #WorkLife podcast: Every time you get feedback, ask yourself how wel… 
\joshk- 3/ So excited to announce @Firstround's investment in @kamens' new company, @SpringDiscovery -- using machine learn… 
\joshk- 2/ Drugs that slow the biological damage accumulated while aging have the potential to reduce the incidences of the… 
\joshk- 1/ Aging is the single greatest risk factor for the most detrimental diseases on Earth — cardiovascular disease, ne… 
\joshk- Congrats to @Clover_Health and @blueapron (both @Firstround companies) for ranking FIRST and SECOND place in this… 
\joshk- Excited about @Firstround's investment in @AminoPay -- their adaptation of blockchain technologies will bring trans… 
\joshk- We’ve received many great applications for @firstround Angel Track — but too few are from women/underrepresented mi… 
\joshk- Do you have a hard time giving feedback to people? If so, check out this collection of the best advice @firstround… 
\joshk- Good profile on @kindredai: Meet the team controlling warehouse robots from thousands of miles away. 
\joshk- You’re welcome @DougBernstein 
\joshk- Very cool to see that @flatironhealth is now New York's largest VC-backed exit! (And proud that @Firstround has fu… 
\joshk- 6/ Over the last 13 years I've gone from teaching Nat/Zach about startups to learning from them. They are incredibl… 
\joshk- 5/ When Nat and Zach turned their focus towards healthcare (and more specifically, oncology) at @Flatironhealth, we… 
\joshk- 4/ Through Nat we also got to know @ZachWeinberg. And when they founded @InviteMedia we were fortunate enough to i… 
\joshk- 3/ When I met Nat he was so impressive and I hired him to build the first FRC website. I also offered him a summer… 
\joshk- 2/ I first met @Natsturner on January 20th, 2005 when I attended a @WhartonEntrep entrepreneur-in-residence event.… 
\joshk- 1/ Congratulations to @Natsturner, @ZachWeinberg &amp; the entire @FlatironHealth team on their acquisition by @Roche.… 
\joshk- 5/ If you are new to angel investing or just want to learn from some of the best, apply to join @Firstround's Angel… 
\joshk- 4/The second part consists of actual fundraising conversations. In small breakout teams, you'll meet with founders,… 
\joshk- 3/ From April to June, @phineasb and other members of the @FirstRound team will host bi-weekly evening sessions — e… 
\joshk- 2/ Modeled after our Product Program, Angel Track invites you to learn from some of the most insightful and success… 
\joshk- 1/ This spring, @FirstRound will bring together 15 exceptional operators in San Francisco who want to get started o… 
\joshk- The indispensable document for the modern manager (featuring @patientping Co-founder/CEO @jdesai01) new on… 
\joshk- Congrats to @hunterwalk and @satyap on closing their new fund. 
\joshk- With every new iOS update, my hopes are crushed. Does anyone else want @Apple to add the option to mark an iMessage as unread? 
\joshk- With @AndrewYangVFA's candidacy for US President, the impacts of automation and AI are going to get some airtime. F… 
\joshk- This is one of the lists I'm most happy @firstround is on. #Top5 
\joshk- NYTimes - A Girl Scout Sold 300 Boxes of Cookies Near a Marijuana Shop 
\joshk- Incredibly comprehensive list of management &amp; culture lessons on @firstround Review today. @mikeisbrown shares wha… 
\joshk- Want expert feedback on a product your building? Sign up for working sessions with top product leaders from Instaca… 
\joshk- 🦅 
\joshk- All the most impactful lessons from @firstround's Product Program in one place! Proud that @FirstRound continues to… 
\joshk- .@firstround is hiring a Partner Operations Manager to work with me in Philly! Check out the role here: 
\joshk- Excited to welcome two new remarkable product leaders to the @Firstround Product Co-op in New York — say hello to… 
\joshk- First Search is up for Product of the Year @ProductHunt! 🎉 🎉 Help us spread the word about the internet's largest… 
\joshk- Does Twitter turn off all accounts from federal employees if there’s a government shutdown? 
\joshk- Philadelphia has been named by @Amazon as one of 20 finalists for HQ2! Looking forward to the next steps of this pr… 
\joshk- The feeling when you realize you're so old that the patents you are listed as an inventor on have begun to expire... 
\joshk- If the shirt fits... 
\joshk- Our very own @WhitnieLow shares "What Makes Mentorship Work" in today's @Firstround Review story. Rule #1, Don't u… 
\joshk- Are you a very stable genius? Why not tell the world with this t-shirt. 100% of profits donated to the ACLU... 
\joshk- Great interview with my partner @hayleybay on her journey from founder to VC. 
\joshk- Last year, we interviewed dozens of the top minds in tech — here are the top 30 insights, actions, and frameworks t… 
\joshk- Life is NOT a journey - sing and dance along the way. Thanks @kevinrose for sharing this video... 
\joshk- 6/ So, kick back and relax, we’ll start your break right. Click here and enjoy — may your season be bright! 
\joshk- 5/ We’re going back to the basics just like year one, and bringing our startups along for the fun. We got real scra… 
\joshk- 4/ We think 2017 deserves something new — something that feels authentic and true. For our 10th anniversary, we’re… 
\joshk- 1/ It’s that time of year -- when @firstround shares some holiday cheer. For the 10th year in a row, here’s our an… 
\joshk- Me to my wife: “Want to hear some exciting news? This year I will make BOTH United Airlines 1K and American Airlin… 
\joshk- Congrats to Brian Garrett and the @crosscutvc team on raising their fourth fund. They have been great partners to L… 
\joshk- I believe Laura Fitton and the other five women. #ibelieveyou 
\joshk- I always learn something when I spend time with @natsturner. Yesterday's lesson: While the OKR process is a great… 
\joshk- #iMarch for immigration reform w/DREAMers, farmers, entrepreneurs &amp; Americans of all stripes. Join in at:… 
\joshk- We just published @firstround's 3rd Annual State of Startups report. Here are the Top 10 highlights: 
\joshk- A data-backed, empathy-driven approach to Diversity &amp; Inclusion from @ciaratrinidad, new on @firstround review 
\joshk- Yes, that was an earthquake Philly. 
\joshk- 3/ About four years ago, we launched @firstround Review to get tactical knowledge out of the heads of remarkable te… 
\joshk- 2/ But ideas from one person — no matter how productive or prolific — won't cover the range of know-how that today'… 
\joshk- 1/ Eleven years ago, I published my first post on Redeye VC. Two lines really resonate: “I really believe in the po… 
\joshk- What mobile analytics reports are saying about the average SF phone usage today: 9 AM to Noon PST - checking Bitco… 
\joshk- Right about now there is a product manager at @facebook working overtime looking for a guy named Scott Lebowski to… 
\joshk- The fantastic @jenniferrettig on how to source and recruit great executives for your startup (new on @firstround Re… 
\joshk- Excited to continue to support @munjalshah and @healthiqinsure - they've helped "tens of thousands of people secure… 
\joshk- If you're not reading Undercover Gangster by @dgambacorta you should be! A riveting five part story about a cop an… 
\joshk- Congrats to our very own @heyreiwang on making the @ForbesUnder30 list for her work leading @DormRoomFund! 
\joshk- The moment when you say "Alexa what is the weather today" - and then you realize you're in a hotel room... 
\joshk- 1/ We met @hayleybay 7 years ago as Co-founder of @birchbox. Today, she joins @firstround as General Partner! 
\joshk- Asking for a friend: What four-syllable word rhymes with Despacito? 
\joshk- A preview of Patty McCord's new book on how Netflix built such a powerful culture (new on @firstround Review) 
\joshk- Perfect metaphor for life: it’s not as good (or bad) as you think; things change fast; play hard until the very end 
\joshk- OK, I admit it. I did schedule this month's SF trip to coincide w/ the iPhone X release - much easier to get up at midnight than 3am ;-) 
\joshk- Who wants to be an angel investor? We’re taking apps for our Healthcare Co-op which will invest in &amp; advise startups 
\joshk- .@Techforcampaigns is doing great work building a digital arm for campaigns. I'm matching donations TODAY. Join me 
\joshk- “The (near) future of data is linked” a good read on the power of Linked Data 
\joshk- Really impressive read from @DormRoomFund: Their report on 5-years of student investing and entrepreneurship! 
\joshk- How @fidjissimo (Facebook’s VP of Product) Finds Focus and Creates Conditions for Intentional Work – 
\joshk- What leadership looks like: "If you can't treat someone with dignity and respect, then get out." 
\joshk- Congrats to @sbp04, @labunleashed and the entire @TaskRabbit team on their acquisition by @Ikea. #BraGjort 
\joshk- Congrats to @Firstround companies @LookerData &amp; @Flexport! (Though I wish we hadn't passed on 4 others on the list). 
\joshk- Congrats to @PatrickSalyer and the @Gigya team on their sale to @SAPHybris. 
\joshk- Inspiring to see how @natsturner and the @flatironhealth team are transforming community oncology at #OncoCloud17 
\joshk- Alright Philly - let's get on this. @PhillyMayor, how can I help? 
\joshk- RIP @Half_com (1999-2017) 
\joshk- The 12 things NOT to do to become a strong leader. Great advice from @alexisohanian. 
\joshk- Congrats to @eddie_harycki &amp; the @Swift_Capital team on the sale to @PayPal. A nice win for everyone (and Philly!) 
\joshk- The process of computing the actual cap table for a company that has closed 66 different SAFEs... #NotSimple 
\joshk- Congrats to @bobmoul, @kshah00 and the @cloudamize team on their exit. Great news for Philly! #WouldaCouldaShoulda 
\joshk- Announcing the @FirstRound Product Program — A New Masterclass for Product Managers in NYC Looking to Level Up 
\joshk- Great feature on @BoweryFarming and the future of agriculture on the @TODAYshow this morning. (Well done @ifain!) 
\joshk- Great post by @shklarski of @flatironhealth sharing his Matrix To Help Growing Teams Make Great Decisions – 
\joshk- Great profile of @angusdav founder of @GetUpserve. Angus is a great founder (and person). I've learned so much from. 
\joshk- 4/ If you know anyone who wants a "gap year" (or gap 18 months) working in venture capital, please send them here: 
\joshk- 3/ We know there are many qualified female candidates out there! No VC experience necessary - just an enthusiasm for startups and tech. 
\joshk- 2/ This might be a reflection of our network's limitations -- and we'd sure love any help to increase our applicant pool diversity. 
\joshk- 1/ While the response to our two job openings in NYC was strong, I was disappointed that &lt;15% of applications were from female candidates. 
\joshk- We’re Looking to Fill Two New Roles on First Round’s New York Investment Team — Learn more here: 
\joshk- “Organizations that call themselves meritocratic are actually more likely to discriminate.” – 
\joshk- My partner @phineasb shares his thoughts on the @blueapron journey. 
\joshk- Congrats to @mattsalz @iliap @MWadiak &amp; the entire @blueapron team! (And thanks to @natsturner for sending them to… 
\joshk- Firstround #cosign #decencypledge 
\joshk- This story is deeply disturbing. As is the fact that the only people in my feed whom I've seen sharing it are female 
\joshk- Great @TechnicallyPHL story on Steve Goodman. He's played a huge role helping Philly founders for the last 30+ yrs. 
\joshk- Excited by our investment in @Wonderschools: a marketplace helping teachers offer quality in-home childcare/daycare! 
\joshk- So scary. @PhillyInquirer reporting dangerous lead levels in 75% of the parks/playgrounds/yards they tested.… 
\joshk- Well, it lasted 17 years, but is shutting down. 
\joshk- Wondering how many other people are watching Game 6 of the #StanleyCup and the #TonyAwards2017 -- doesn't seem like a lot of overlap… 
\joshk- Is this plane ticket refundable? The language on @united website is undecipherable. Seriously. Even the agent on… 
\joshk- Got an idea about the future of local journalism? The @lenfestinst is awarding $1M in venture philanthropy grants! 
\joshk- I disagree ;-) 
\joshk- Maybe he gave the Russians a list of 10 national security secrets but to keep them in the dark told them one was a lie…(credit: Dan Polster) 
\joshk- 9 yrs after he graduated, @NatSTurner gives @Wharton commencement speech: "Start something that makes a difference" 
\joshk- Amazing discussions at @firstround's #CTOUnConference 
\joshk- Big day for local journalism today! 
\joshk- .@realDonaldTrump Day 103. @realDonaldTrump's term is now 7% finished. Just have to do this 13.2 more times... 
\joshk- Congratulations to the @Yummly team (as well as founders @davefeller and @vgeshel) on the sale to @Whirlpool! 
\joshk- I'm a proud dad -- @ElanaKopelman's first investigative reporting scoop! 
\joshk- Just helped my 16-yr old daughter with her first tweetstorm. She found that @realDonaldTrump's grandfather lied on… 
\joshk- .@sacca @Lowercase And by the way, @Sacca, I wore it first ;-) 
\joshk- .@sacca Watching @sacca turn @Lowercase from an idea into an icon in the venture industry has been amazing. 
\joshk- I'm filled with respect and admiration for @Sacca…and wish him nothing but the best in the next chapter in his life… 
\joshk- The 5 hr. flight you planned to use to catch up on email, but instead spend it read Shoe Dog (bio of Phil Knight) 
\joshk- 4/At @firstround we want to be the partner of choice for founders…and I'm so proud of the partners who have chosen to build the firm with me 
\joshk- 3/And I'm thrilled that my partner Phin Barnes was featured in the 2017 Midas Brink list... 
\joshk- 2/That's why I'm so proud that my partners Bill Trenchard &amp; Rob Hayes both ranked in the top 50 of 2017 Midas list… 
\joshk- 1/I've often said that I believe that I am a better "picker" of partners than I am of companies. 
\joshk- Why Chefs and Soldiers Make the Best Product Managers – 
\joshk- .@realDonaldTrump Day 88. @realDonaldTrump's term is now 6% finished. Just have to do this 15.6 more times... 
\joshk- Congrats to @brockweatherup on sale of @PetCoachApp. Thanks for everything you've done for Philly @startupleaders! 
\joshk- .@realDonaldTrump Day 73. @realDonaldTrump's term is now 5% finished. Just have to do this 19 more times... 
\joshk- Recent theme in pitches is Tesla Strategy: start w expensive offering to affluent customers; lower prices at scale to mainstream. Thoughts? 
\joshk- Was "great again" in quotation marks? 
\joshk- Well-deserved @nytimes story on @KirstenAGreen: Retail Instincts Propel Investor to Venture Capitalism’s Top Tier 
\joshk- Seriously @heyreiwang? ;-) 
\joshk- . @realDonaldTrump's term is now 4% finished. Just have to do this 25 more times... 
\joshk- Excited that @JamieSiminoff and @Ring will now have a large team in Philly! 
\joshk- With todays @Modcloth &amp; @Trueandco_us acquisitions, I'm almost out of the schmatta business (still got @theblacktux) 
\joshk- .@SusanGKoger is an amazing entrepreneur and a class act. Congrats to @Modcloth &amp; @mattkaness on the sale to… 
\joshk- Congrats to @michelleklam and the @trueandco_us team on their sale to PVH! 
\joshk- Eloquent story on why @flatironhealth is important: When it Comes to Cancer, Big Data is So Small, It's Family… 
\joshk- Great post by @fredwilson. We've seen many founders who raised multiple notes/SAFEs shocked by their true ownership. 
\joshk- . @realDonaldTrump's term is now 3% finished. Just have to do this 33 more times... 
\joshk- Congratulations @GrokkerInc for making the CNBC Upstart 25 list for successful startups #Beabetteryou #Grokker 
\joshk- And we've now moved from dessecrating the dead to threatening the living 
\joshk- Deplorable 
\joshk- . @realDonaldTrump's term is now 2% finished. Just have to do this 50 more times... 
\joshk- Join @FirstRound &amp; the tech community for Philly premiere of @Gen_Startup on 2/21! Free Tix: 
\joshk- Rigged 
\joshk- Looks like @MarALago will only serve @pepsi from now own. 
\joshk- We've now passed the 1% mark of @realDonaldTrump's presidency (assuming no impeachment/re-election). Just have to… 
\joshk- Never forget the victims of Bowling Green 
\joshk- Thanks to @msuster and the @upfrontvc team for hosting me at an amazing #UpfrontSummit -- great group of attendees &amp; speakers! #LongLA 
\joshk- 
\joshk- I wonder how long it will be before the US Department of Education (@usedgov) is forced to delete this tweet... 
\joshk- Such an impressive move by @aileenlee to invite @twang to the @CowboyVC rodeo. Congrats to both!!! 
\joshk- Meet @goforward "…a doctor's office that feels like an Apple Store…that learns so it gets better with more data" 
\joshk- Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love! 
\joshk- Best description of Chanukah for kids I've heard: Imagine you only had 10% battery on your iPhone...and it lasted for eight days! 
\joshk- That feeling when I realize I spent more time thinking of @firstround holiday lyrics than Trump spent thinking about escalating nuclear race 
\joshk- Thanks to @christina3996 for her amazing job producing this year's @Firstround holiday video! 
\joshk- It's here. The 2016 @FirstRound Holiday Video: Wishing you all a happy and healthy new year! 
\joshk- Yale Study: People are more likely to solve math problems incorrectly when it conflicts with their political beliefs 
\joshk- Bloomberg says "US Startups Are Piling on Debt". I agree. Debt is the new Robitussin 
\joshk- Someone sent me a 2 gallons of soft soap and didn't include a card. Should I assume I smell? Who do I send a thank you note to? 
\joshk- I can't wait until the 2016 @Firstround holiday video launches next week. It will be unpresidented! 
\joshk- In the room where it happens in Philly. #FounderFactory16 
\joshk- PR#6 
\joshk- 14/ Read more findings from our 2016 State of Startups survey of 700+ founders from venture-backed companies here: 
\joshk- 13/ Once again, @elonmusk is the most admired leader in tech, with 23% of the vote. (More votes than Bezos, Zucker… 
\joshk- 12/ Founders believe that bitcoin and bots are overhyped, while agtech and life-science technologies are underhyped. 
\joshk- 11/ Hiring the right people and customer acquisition top the list of founder concerns. Competition and work-life b… 
\joshk- 10/ Founders predict tech will reflect the diversity of the U.S. in 2030. Over 25% of founders believe parity is mo… 
\joshk- 9/ 61% of founders say their boards are all-male. (And the later stage a company is, the less likely it is to be di… 
\joshk- 8/ 50% of surveyed men believe lack of gender diversity in tech is a pipeline problem. More women say it's an uncon… 
\joshk- 7 / 67% of founders say that investors will hold the upper hand in the coming years when it comes to negotiating de… 
\joshk- 6/ Who do founders want to get acquired by? The winner is Alphabet (@Google), which tops a list of 150 companies n… 
\joshk- 5/ In 2015, just 33% founders expected the IPO market to improve. This year, the IPO window has opened; that number… 
\joshk- 4/ Founders are optimists: 18% of leaders are "certain" they’ll build a billion dollar company. Yet, 18% also did a… 
\joshk- 3/ Despite the fact that the majority of founders say we’re in a bubble, 90% of founders believe it is a good time… 
\joshk- 2/ Last year 73% said we were in a bubble. While this year the majority still say yes, it’s closer to a coin flip (… 
\joshk- 1/ We just published our second annual State of Startups report. Here are a dozen highlights/learnings...… 
\joshk- Excited to release @Firstround's second annual State of Startups report. cc:@Techmeme 
\joshk- 4/ @Hlmorgan is an amazing person and a class act. (And you don't want to miss his 2017 @Firstround Holiday Video performance next month!) 
\joshk- 3/ And today @HlMorgan shared some thoughts on the importance of managing generational change at venture firms. 
\joshk- 2/ Last week we met with @Firstround's LP Advisory Board &amp; showed a brand new video about how special @HLMorgan is. 
\joshk- 1/ Last month I shared some thoughts on my partner @HLMorgan's decision to step back from the next @Firstround fund. 
\joshk- A new first for @Firstround: 2 FRC companies acquired by the same company on same day. Congrats Arbor &amp; Circulate! 
\joshk- How to Price: “Slapping on a price just before going to market is a recipe for failure.” Great read by @MadhavanSF - 
\joshk- Never seen a line this long at my polling place. Ever. At least 100 people deep. #Decision2016 #PhillyVotes 
\joshk- During the rain delay -- watch this 
\joshk- The electoral college will now decide the World Series. No worries 
\joshk- I had no idea that Steven Spielberg coached the Cubs 
\joshk- Check out @altschool's 2016 @BCorporation report. Generating public impact &amp; economic returns not mutually exclusive 
\joshk- Lead poisoning is bigger problem for Philly kids than in Flint. Heartbreaking story by @phillydotcom cc:@PhillyMayor 
\joshk- Interesting experiment -- check out how much of your Facebook newsfeed is news. 
\joshk- Your vote matters. Visit and share YOUR story. #myvotematters 
\joshk- .@PhillyInquirer endorses Hillary Clinton: "Clinton easily the best candidate for president" 
\joshk- "a well-stocked war chest doesn’t have correlation with success..." Great data from @epaley on VC funding and IPOs. 
\joshk- 8/ Read the full @DormRoomFund Diversity Report here - . Big thanks to @heyreiwang for leading this initiative... 
\joshk- 7/While just 4 yrs old, @DormRoomFund has become a strong pipeline for future VC talent. 17 DRF alumni have joined… 
\joshk- 6/When asked “Do you feel welcomed and included by the startup community?” male partners selected “Always” ~2X more… 
\joshk- 5/The confidence gap still exists - even among top students. Male DRF partners felt 3x more "competent in compariso… 
\joshk- 4/ Male @DormRoomFund partners say they are interested in becoming founders and/or VCs ~3x more often than female… 
\joshk- 3/When compared to the universities they represent, DRF is behind. Goal: to be as diverse/inclusive as the universi… 
\joshk- 2/Dorm Room Fund is doing better than venture capital as an industry when it comes to diversity... 
\joshk- 1/Today the @DormRoomFund published it's first report on diversity. Several findings were surprising to me. 
\joshk- I'm inspired by AT&amp;T's Randall Stephenson as he discusses #BlackLivesMatter and the need for understanding. WATCH! 
\joshk- Thanks to the @DormRoomFund team for coming to the @firstround CEO Summit!!! 
\joshk- OH at @firstround CEO Summit: "Right now we've built a better helmet for beating your head against the wall...There's a lot of work ahead" 
\joshk- Up next - NVCA gets CA to require CrunchBase to remove failed investments at VC or founder's request 
\joshk- The head of @PhilaParking sexually harassed someone for 2 yrs, wasn't fired &amp; bd member called it puppy love. Awful! 
\joshk- The best thing I've ever read about private debt and it's often ignored impact on growth. Super crisp &amp; compelling. 
\joshk- Fun night at the casino with @brettberson #TheBookWasWrong 
\joshk- .@Vinli tops the car apps market, adds Meineke and Cox for distribution via @techcrunch 
\joshk- Nice post by @ceonyc about @BrettBerson and the importance of all the work VC's do "after the pick". 
\joshk- Great post by @skupor of @a16z on how venture capital works. 
\joshk- I'm excited to meet a bunch of Philadelphia Stellar Startups on September 29th. Join me! 
\joshk- 10/ We're fortunate that they have chosen to partner with us. 
\joshk- 9/ Finally, we stay in business because of the founders that choose to work with us &amp; our LPs who have stood by us from the very beginning. 
\joshk- 8/ Brett's insight into how startups get built, his aptitude for spotting new opportunities, and his passion/work ethic are inspiring. 
\joshk- 7/ Brett joined us full-time 6 yrs ago, creating our Platform Team to support companies post-investment &amp; bring them together in a community 
\joshk- 6/ I also am super excited that @BrettBerson will become a partner at @Firstround in our next fund. 
\joshk- 5/ He has an office at @Firstround for as long as he wants &amp; I will continue to ping him for advice/guidance (and also holiday video cameos) 
\joshk- 4/ With the raise of @Firstround's next fund, Howard will be stepping back from @Firstround and returning to his angel investing roots. 
\joshk- 3/ Howard was my 1st angel investor in 1992 and backed every project I’ve worked on since. He taught me so much about being a good investor. 
\joshk- 2/ I was so fortunate to have @HLMorgan as my co-founding partner at @Firstround. I could not imagine a better person to work with! 
\joshk- 1/ I’ve always felt the most important decision you make in life and business is choosing the right partners. 
\joshk- True: "Limit innovation to the absolute core areas of your business &amp; don’t waste time innovating in other areas" 
\joshk- We often get asked about @Firstround's investment process, decision making &amp; how we work. So we put together a FAQ. 
\joshk- Appropriate name 
\joshk- One impact of the "on-demand economy": when @McDonalds knows people can earn more driving for @Uber, salaries go up. 
\joshk- Impressed how @samshank &amp; the @HotelTonight team transitioned from "good growth" to "good economics/profitability". 
\joshk- Excited for the premiere of the trailer for @Gen_Startup - following 6 recent grads building startups in Detroit. 
\joshk- Now I'm watching the gold medal round of Olympic Badminton and remembering this epic Olympic newscast from 2004 
\joshk- I'm bizarrely fascinated by Olympic Race Walking. 
\joshk- Lotteries &amp; startups moving in sync. More "mind-bogglingly big winners" while "odds of winning...became even worse" 
\joshk- Finished The Wright Brothers by David McCullough. Great book on persistent entrepreneur/inventors! Thanks @SaarSaar 
\joshk- Went to a dude ranch to escape from work - and look who I ran into! Caption anyone? 
\joshk- The 3 local stories on front page of today's @PhillyInquirer show the transparency/accountability newspapers provide 
\joshk- Congrats to @jakestein, @robertjmoore &amp; their team on @RJMetrics sale to @magento. Great news for Philly startups! 
\joshk- So impressive! He's a little young for the @DormRoomFund today - but man, I want to send him a term sheet in 5 yrs! 
\joshk- I wish @MichelleObama began her speech with "When I was growing up in Slovenia" 
\joshk- .@zenreach announces $50m in funding to close the online to offline loop once and for all. Go @jackabraham &amp; team! 
\joshk- 4/Philadelphia and @PhilaDHS let this boy down. The "wholesale, systemic failure" of Philadelphia's child-welfare system is shocking. 
\joshk- 3/@MikeNewall's column about the avoidable death of 10-yr old Ethan Okula is so heartbreaking and really important. 
\joshk- 2/The press has the ability to help us celebrate a city's unknown heroes. And it can can create accountability for shocking failures. 
\joshk- 1/I agreed to become chair of @PHLmedianetwork because I believe that investigative journalism plays a vital role for our nation's cities. 
\joshk- Amazingly powerful opening to the #ESPYS 
\joshk- The Philly tech scene is causing all types of trouble. @waynekimmel barely avoids arrest at #PhillyTechParty 
\joshk- . @Uber_Philly is investing $2.5M in Philadelphia this summer to get more drivers on the road during @SEPTA issues. 
\joshk- All this talk about @realDonaldTrump's VP "shortlist". His list isn't short, people. It's the biggest list you've ever seen! It's a hugelist 
\joshk- I blame Yoko Ono #BrexitVote 
\joshk- Thanks @benbarry! 
\joshk- Love this poster. Anyone know who makes it or where I can buy one? "Orville Wright Did Not Have A Pilot's License" 
\joshk- How @BlueApron figures out what you're going to eat a year in advance. A great writeup in @Wonkblog 
\joshk- Congrats to @HLMorgan on winning the @CityCollegeNY Presidential Award. A wonderful honor for a wonderful man! 
\joshk- George Lois: The creative act is the defeat of habit by originality 
\joshk- So you think you're a stellar Philly start-up? This contest by @phillybusiness and @phlmedianetwork is for you! 
\joshk- . @firstround is hiring a Partner Operations Manager to work with me in Philly! 
\joshk- We're honored to have @Wharton's amazing @AdamMGrant talk about How to Hire Originals in today's @firstround review! 
\joshk- OH from @rafer: @verizon/@AOL is becoming the Computer Associates of ad tech. 
\joshk- 6/I am excited to work with @TerryEgger and his great team to ensure that more people than ever can access the fine work created by PMN. 
\joshk- 5/I now look forward to sitting on the other side of the table.. #KarmaHasASenseOfHumor. 
\joshk- 4/I spent most of the last 25 years founding and funding startups that leveraged the power of the Internet to disrupt incumbents. 
\joshk- 3/Gerry Lenfest's groundbreaking decision to donate PMN to a non-profit was an amazingly generous gift to the city of Philadelphia. 
\joshk- 2/The @PHLMediaNetwork play a critical role in the Philadelphia region -- as I believe that a healthy democracy demands a healthy press. 
\joshk- 1/I'm honored &amp; excited to serve as chairman of the board @PHLMediaNetwork - which operates @PhillyInquirer @PhillyDailyNews &amp; @phillydotcom 
\joshk- 11/ Should you put a team slide first? How many slides should you use? Who should pitch? Our complete thoughts here: 
\joshk- 10/The reality is that you may be their 5th pitch of the day. Structure your deck to deliver information AND manage the energy in the room. 
\joshk- 9/It’s a mistake to put compelling data in BACK of your deck. Make sure you include information that shows traction before the midpoint. 
\joshk- 8/If an investor doesn’t know what you do 10 minutes into your pitch, your sunk. You must make the case for the company simple &amp; compelling. 
\joshk- 7/Develop a list of 10-15 “Burning Questions” that investors may have and use the answers to these questions as the flow of the story itself 
\joshk- 6/You need an outstanding deck and delivery. A pitch is a live performance. Practice it! You must know it so well that it seems spontaneous. 
\joshk- 6/You need an outstanding deck and delivery. A pitch is a live performance. Practice it! You must know it so well that it seems spontaneous. 
\joshk- 5/Potential investors will backchannel/reference check with your current backers, so make sure existing investors tell a consistent message. 
\joshk- 4/There’s nothing worse than the perception of an over-shopped deal. Group investors in batches; Speak to less than 5 firms at a given time. 
\joshk- 3/Choose the VC partner you contact carefully, once introduced to a given person at a firm, it’s almost impossible to transition to another. 
\joshk- 2/Never run an ad hoc process...As a founder, you should either be fundraising or not-and if you are, it should be done with great intention 
\joshk- 1/After helping @Firstround companies raise over 1,000 follow-on rounds, our Pitch Assist team shares best practices 
\joshk- Very cool to see this profile of @firstround's Pitch Assist - our bootcamp to help founders improve at fundraising 
\joshk- Excited to be working with @AdrianAoun on his new healthcare startup, Forward 
\joshk- An impressive look at how @Flexport is designing the new Operating System for Global Trade by @CoyleAndrew 
\joshk- Very powerful data from @LucindaD at #MonetateSummit on the impact of product &amp; experience differentiation in retail 
\joshk- Full house at the #MonetateSummit 
\joshk- In 2015 VINYL record sales generated more income for music creators than music streams on YouTube &amp; its competitors. 
\joshk- Great debut post on the @flatironhealth Engineering Blog: How I use my ad tech experience to help fight cancer 
\joshk- Great advice from @tjack (VP of Product/Design at @Dropbox) on how to Find, Vet and Close the Best Product Managers: 
\joshk- Woman up and died rather than vote for Trump or Clinton, obit says via @HuffPostWeird 
\joshk- ‘Lack of diversity hurts everyone’ in the tech community via @TechnicallyPHL 
\joshk- Just installed @Amazon Echo Dot in my car along w/ @Vinli wifi hotspot. It's a game changer! 
\joshk- Only in Philadelphia cc: @Techmeme 
\joshk- Google Streetview or Philadelphia Police? 
\joshk- Startups are inventing self-driving cars, yet airlines still don't know how to put a space between first &amp; middle names on boarding passes. 
\joshk- Congrats to @angusdav and @getupserve on their acquisition of @Groupon's Breadcrumb POS! 
\joshk- Great quote by @fredwilson: "If they aren’t laughing at you, you aren’t working on the right things." 
\joshk- Here is the surprising winner of last week’s #UberPITCH event via @TechnicallyPHL 
\joshk- This made me smile....Gotta love Millenials! 
\joshk- When your 12 year old son has size 11 feet, the phrase "act your age, not your shoe size" doesn't really work anymore 😂😂 
\joshk- Theme for this year's @firstround holiday video: "Fund Yourself" by Justin Bieber? "My partner don't like you, and he like's everyone" 
\joshk- Met with @sbm367 to learn about - printing parts for boats! #UberPITCH 
\joshk- Inspired by @heshnarayanan who is working to cure breast cancer at 
\joshk- Learning about an app that can detect sobriety from @horwitzben @derekjobst and @ReedRosenbluth #UberPITCH 
\joshk- picked up @klinskyc for #UberPITCH. Turns out he's already funded by @DormRoomFund. Go to 
\joshk- Fun ride with @iAmMoiz to learn about #UberPitch 
\joshk- Starting my #UberPitch day. Thanks to Mohamed for driving 
\joshk- Hey Philly Founders: Meet w/ me (&amp; 13 other VCs) tomorrow morning in an @Uber for a chance to win $10K! #UberPITCH 
\joshk- #TBT to last year's #UberPitch. @Uber_Philly is doing it again tomorrow. Join me! 
\joshk- #TBT to last year's #UberPitch. @Uber_Philly is doing it again tomorrow. Join me! 
\joshk- #TBT to last year's #UberPitch. @Uber_Philly is doing it again tomorrow. Join me! 
\joshk- Hey Philly, have a big startup idea? 12 VCs and I will hear it in an @Uber_Philly TOMORROW! Join us for #UberPITCH 
\joshk- How did I not know about @FOMOCapital?!?! Surprised it didn't place high in the @CBinsights March Madness bracket... 
\joshk- Congratulations to the winners of the @Penn President's Innovation Prize! 
\joshk- Voted! #phillytechvotes 
\joshk- 10/ A startups outcome is clearly not pre-ordained from the pick, but picking is a critical (&amp; often ignored) skill for both founders &amp; VCs 
\joshk- 9/ Observation #3) VC's often diligence founders based on track record in starting/scaling a startup - not whether they are a good picker. 
\joshk- 8/ Observation #2) In my experience, serial entrepreneurs are more likely to rush the pick due to high self-confidence &amp; easy access to $$. 
\joshk- 7/ Observation #1) Many founders rush "the pick". If you're spending the next 5-10 yrs of your life doing something, pick your idea wisely. 
\joshk- 6/ Most founders spend &lt;5% of their time on idea selection, yet I believe that "the pick" accounts for &gt;50% of startup success/failure 
\joshk- 5/ The typical founder spends their time either: PICKING an idea, STARTING a company (hunting for PMF), or SCALING a company (growing) 
\joshk- 4/ While VC's probably spend less than 5% of their actual time on the picking, I believe the "pick" creates well over 80% of the return. 
\joshk- 3/ The typical VC spends most of their time doing one of three things: SOURCING companies, PICKING companies or HELPING companies. 
\joshk- 2/ But I think that startup founders have to be even BETTER pickers than VCs. VCs can pick dozens of companies, founders pick one at a time 
\joshk- 1/ Everyone knows that a VC's job is to "pick" amazing founders and companies. The best VCs are great pickers. 
\joshk- Not surprised that 3 of the final four firms are relatively new (founded in 2003, 2004 and 2009). #ChangeIsGood 
\joshk- A good pitch meeting is like eating Jujyfruits. You enjoy the experience, and part of it sticks with you all day. 
\joshk- 
\joshk- Word on the street is that the Eliza chat bot is raising money at a $500M pre. 
\joshk- Apple finally monetizing app installs. Not doing it sooner gave @facebook $4B+ 2015 rev (vs Apple's $6B app store) 
\joshk- Today's kicks: #Kobe11 Lower Merion. Cc: @phineasb 
\joshk- New in @Firstround Review: One Founder, Both Sides of the M&amp;A Table: What All Startups Can Learn from @JeffSeibert 
\joshk- New post by @ttunguz: The first quarter 2016 has been the hardest quarter to raise a seed round in the past 5 years. 
\joshk- Learning from Uber - Three timely lessons about kindness, taught by Uber drivers (really). 
\joshk- Guess which side was mine...🎾🎾🎾 
\joshk- Looking for a job in venture capital? Come join the @firstround team! 
\joshk- .@Firstround is hiring! Looking for 4 people for our San Francisco team to help support our community of founders. 
\joshk- So great to read @Forbes profile on @Standers. Steve Anderson has both the golden touch &amp; a golden heart. #ClassAct 
\joshk- Congrats the @MoveLoot team! You can now use MoveLoot to buy/sell furniture anywhere in the US! 
\joshk- Thrilled to invest in Zodiac.They use predictive analytics to generate a CLV for EACH unique customer &amp; mktg channel 
\joshk- Great profile on @Upstart on todays @NBCNightlyNews: This Startup Banks on Student's Potential When Giving Out Loans 
\joshk- How could I not have seen the Cookie Monster 'Hey Siri' commercial before now? Epic! 
\joshk- 30 years ago I spent a summer abroad in Japan and was given this for good luck. Anyone know what it says/means? 
\joshk- FACT: Founders who sit during @Firstround partner meetings do better than those who stand &amp; present. It is a conversation not a presentation 
\joshk- I guess he disagrees with me... 
\joshk- It was as if promising minor leagues baseball players could suddenly earn more than veteran major league players... 
\joshk- With all the talk about the state of capital markets, we decided to share @Firstround's quarterly letter to our LPs. 
\joshk- . @TaskRabbit Quadruples Its Business, Says It Will Turn Profitable in 2016 
\joshk- Huge story in the @NewYorker on how @Altschool "celebrates the individuality, autonomy &amp; creativity of its students" 
\joshk- Inspiring video on @cgray91 and @MyScholly. Proud that @StartupPHL and @DormRoomFund are investors. #DareGreatly 
\joshk- Great letter from @apugupta of @Curalate to @PhillyMayor on why he should support Philly tech startups. #StartupPHL 
\joshk- Wow - talk about a successful launch. It's trending on @ProductHunt :-) 
\joshk- And it's now live. Announcing the launch of 
\joshk- Psyched to welcome @hayleybay to @Firstround's investing team as a Venture Partner in NYC! 
\joshk- Psyched to welcome @hayleybay to @Firstround's investing team as a Venture Partner in NYC! 
\joshk- Congrats to @VelnaoVascular (a @StartupPHL &amp; @Firstround co) on their recent financing from @ChildrensPhila + others 
\joshk- Twitter is live 
\joshk- The time when you feel the @Firstround office is dead/quiet so you hijack the Sonos queue &amp; play Macarena, ChaChaSlide, HokeyPokey #DadMove 
\joshk- If u don't like this @Firstround Review article, blame @mindweather. This is How Effective Leaders Move Beyond Blame 
\joshk- My favorite: Q: So, 500 million dollar checks for errybody? Really? A: We want whatever the media was smoking when they reported that... 
\joshk- . @RevZilla's response to a @Reuters report of a $500M acquisition has to be the best "no deal" FAQ I've ever seen. 
\joshk- A classic 
\joshk- Super excited to keep @wileycerilli in the @Firstround community and work with him (and @doumar) on @GoodUncleFoods 
\joshk- Tough day... 
\joshk- Public stocks trade every day - on good news &amp; bad news. Private stocks trade only when the company wants it to, typically on good news. 
\joshk- I bet we're going to start seeing a lot more "Mark Watney" 2016 forecasts... 
\joshk- OH in BOD meeting: "We need to act we're like Mark Watney in the Martian. We can't assume we will get a shipment of new potatoes to save us" 
\joshk- .@msuster nails it. The State of Venture Capital: 
\joshk- Yes! 
\joshk- Can't wait to see the VC equivalent of the "happy meal" 
\joshk- Thrilled to work w @sukhindersingh &amp; @TheBoardlist:1000+ women endorsed for private/public boards #ChoosePossibility 
\joshk- .@Firstround's @tammyfabulous gives a master class. Great advice for startups seeking talent &amp; job seekers – 
\joshk- 5/ Who is going to regulate our regulators? 
\joshk- 4/The story alleges PPA coordinated/colluded w/ taxi industry, paid for lobbyists and used taxi medallion owners to run stings on Uber/Lyft. 
\joshk- 3/ Alleges that the PPA "has teamed w the taxi industry that it regulates...to ensure that ride-sharing services remain illegal in Philly." 
\joshk- 2/Front pg stories at @Philly allege collusion between @PhilaParking &amp; taxi medallion owners 
\joshk- 1/ Regulatory Capture: a form of corruption; regulators protect the industry they regulate, instead of the public. 
\joshk- I believe successful founders need an extreme willingness to defer gratification. Startups = sacrifice. More here 
\joshk- My @Quora answer to What are the biggest differences between being an investor vs. being an operator? 
\joshk- My @Quora answer to Are there any examples when you made a wrong decision not to invest? 
\joshk- My @Quora answer to What would you say does it take mentally to be an investor? 
\joshk- My @Quora answer to You worked with former eBay CFO Rajiv Dutta. What was he like? 
\joshk- My @Quora answer to What's the difference between seed stage investing and venture investing? 
\joshk- My @Quora answer to Are New York startups too focused on quick monetization and clever business models -- vs. techn… 
\joshk- My @Quora answer to What 3 things do you look for in a early stage start up to gauge potential? 
\joshk- My @Quora answer to What is the earliest moment to pitch an investor? Would a business plan and a team be enough or… 
\joshk- My @Quora answer to What are some fundraising tips that are useful in the current (terrible) environment (January 2… 
\joshk- New York has King Kong, but Philadelphia has a giant @BenFranklin fighting a giant cheese steak #Yo 
\joshk- .@niraj Maybe when I wake up tomorrow :-) 
\joshk- We've owned the domain name for 10+ years to prevent squatters. Anyone have any fun ideas where we should point it? 
\joshk- "We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next 2 years &amp; underestimate the change that will occur in the next 10"-@BillGates 
\joshk- Apparently there is a lot of "it" that needs to be crushed in SF. When I ask most VC's about their companies, they're all busy crushing it. 
\joshk- Hey @sacca - you got some mail at @Firstround's SF office. Want us to forward it or open it? ;-) 
\joshk- From 1970-2010, it was very rare for founders to disclose valuations in private funding rounds. I think that we'll see that again now. #Good 
\joshk- The article is here - 
\joshk- Good story by @AlexKonrad on current VC mkt. I'm quoted but thought it might help to share my entire email to Alex. 
\joshk- At least with #Powerball you only have to wait three days to realize you're holding worthless paper... 
\joshk- Overheard: @Netflix is responsible for the death of the modern American family. 
\joshk- Great profile of @LucindaD &amp; @Monetate in @PhillyMag. Crazy that we started working together 20 yrs ago this month! 
\joshk- Huge news for @FlatironHealth today. Excited to have @Roche as a co-investor! 
\joshk- My twtr feed is full of people complaining abt the possibility of hvng tweets &gt;140 chars. Not sure how I feel. I think that Twitter shld.... 
\joshk- Just pre-ordered book by @AdamMGrant. #Originals battle conformity &amp; champion ideas/values that go against the grain 
\joshk- You know you're in a hockey store when the one of the employees is on crutches and the other has a black eye. #HockeyDad cc:@TotalHockey 
\joshk- Sometimes Dilbert just makes me laugh... 
\joshk- Bored? Check out the @firstround holiday videos from the last seven years: 
\joshk- Watch Venture Capitalists And Startup Employees Dance To ‘Hotline Bling” via @williamalden @buzzfeednews 
\joshk- It’s the happiest time of the year! The @firstround Holiday Video is HERE: 
\joshk- Great Q&amp;A from @sherylsandberg on @Quora - 
\joshk- Excited to welcome @mikedixonsc and @sequoia as investors in @Clover_Health. #UsingDataToImprovePatientOutcomes 
\joshk- Bold risk for @Disney to choose to release @StarWars this Thursday -- going head-to-head with the @Firstround holiday video :-) #FRCAwakens 
\joshk- "Get in the Van" - The Power of Interviewing Customers the Right Way from @sippey Twitter’s Ex-VP Product 
\joshk- Just two days until Philly Founder Factory! Still tickets available! #FounderFactory2015 #Philly 
\joshk- Some findings: Bitcoin/VR=overhyped, mobile=underhyped, &lt;5% of founders say it will be easier to raise VC in 2016 
\joshk- We surveyed 500+ founders to find out what it’s like to run a startup today. Introducing the 2015 State of Startups: 
\joshk- Well worth the 20 minutes to watch the video! 
\joshk- My fav talk at @firstround CEO Summit was by @kimballscott on Radical Candor: The Secret to Being a Good Boss 
\joshk- That time when I spent the entire flight home working on holiday video lyrics instead of email... 
\joshk- Now that's surge pricing! 
\joshk- A must read for startups: Three Moves Every Startup Founder Must Make to Build a Brand That Matters by @hiiamArielle 
\joshk- Just 90 minutes until my chat on @ProductHunt Live. Join me here: 
\joshk- 3/ I think it's a good rule. 
\joshk- 2/ They've found that the passage of some time lowers the level of hostility and anger and makes the situation less volatile. 
\joshk- 1/ My kid's hockey team has a rule. When a parent is angry with a coach's action, they must wait 24hrs before raising the issue w/ the coach 
\joshk- WWSD? (What would @sacca do?) 
\joshk- Well...that's one way to respond when a VC passes... 
\joshk- Great post by @fredwilson. I found myself nodding my head and sending it to several @firstround CEO's 
\joshk- 4/ Blaming an outside bookkeeper for not catching business model mistakes is like blaming a payroll company when your burn rate is too high. 
\joshk- 3/ It's the CEOs job to "own" (&amp; manage) the underlying math of the business (CAC, LTV, burn, margin, unit economics). Don't delegate this!! 
\joshk- 2/ It's OK to outsource your bookkeeping to an outside firm. However, don't expect that firm to use judgement or help manage burn/biz model. 
\joshk- 1/ It's OK for startups to outsource payroll to an outside firm. However, you dont expect that firm to use judgement or help decide salaries 
\joshk- Somehow it kind of feels appropriate that I'm flying on @USAirways on their last day of existence... 
\joshk- In today's @Firstround Review story, @DianeLu shares her blueprint for building Sales Ops at startups - 
\joshk- Super excited that @StartupPHL has funded @Nucleus_life. Pre-order a Smart Home Intercom now! 
\joshk- Great new story in @firstround review describing how @nerdwallet rebooted it's talent base – 
\joshk- Got to love this @CNN headline -- don't you agree @brettberson? 
\joshk- Saying farewell to @Technical_ly from @firstround's office. Good luck in your new digs! Please return your keys... 
\joshk- Cool news from @Firstround company, @Clearbit -- Turn Google Sheets into a powerful sales prospecting tool 
\joshk- Keep Uber in PA! Sign the petition to tell your leaders to support ridesharing in Pennsylvania: #PAneedsUber 
\joshk- Proud to receive the @Forbes #under30summit award for Mentorship. I learn more from founders than they learn from me. 
\joshk- Day two with absolutely no voice. Does anyone know a good iPhone text to speech app? 
\joshk- The time when you're hosting your firms annual partner offsite -- and you completely lose your voice. 
\joshk- Super excited that @startupPHL has funded @MyScholly and @cgray91! 
\joshk- So who's coming to Philly for the @Forbes #30Under30Summit? 
\joshk- Psyched to announce @Firstround's investment in @Clover_Health - our largest ever! #ThisIsAnOutlier #StillSeedStage 
\joshk- I wish that more mobile app companies would hire UI designers over 40 years old - so I wouldn't need to wear reading glasses to use an app. 
\joshk- For a city full of early adopters, I'm really looking forward to the day that San Francisco restaurants discover air conditioning. 
\joshk- 10/ I can't wait to see what happens next with autonomous vehicles. If you’re innovating in this area, get in touch! 
\joshk- 9/ The third milestone is increased local and state governance of autonomous vehicle technology (rather than federal oversight). 
\joshk- 8/ By 2020, an estimated 75% of cars shipped globally (~69M vehicles) will be built with the necessary hardware to connect to the Internet. 
\joshk- 7/ The second milestone will be persistent internet connectivity in cars &amp; more sophisticated data management in the cloud. 
\joshk- 6/ The first milestone will be whether we see the emergence of an aftermarket to retrofit existing vehicles for some autonomous capabilities 
\joshk- 5/ And today I shared a blog post that outlines three of these inflection points - 
\joshk- 4/ I've spent some time thinking about the "inflection points" on how the auto industry will get disrupted (and reinvent new industries) 
\joshk- 3/ "Modern automobiles" are the 300 baud modems for today's generation. 
\joshk- 2/ It's fun to look at the 35 years of progress - and to try to identify the "inflection points" that led to mass adoption of the Internet. 
\joshk- 1/ I got my first computer 35 years ago - and was part of the 300 baud generation. 
\joshk- 1/ I got my first computer 35 years ago - and was part of the 300 baud generation. 
\joshk- Psyched that @Reserve is now live in Philly with over 20 restaurants! Download the app here: 
\joshk- Great new piece on @firstround review – @jgoldfein on The Right Way to Ship Software 
\joshk- . @ModCloth Plans Huge Expansion Under New CEO. Announced 2014 revenues &gt;$150M and profitable for last 4 quarters! 
\joshk- Have fun to all my friends heading to Burning Man. I think I'm more of a Napping Man kind of guy... 
\joshk- Ride @Uber in Philadelphia today and an Eagles Player may personally give you Madden 2016! Use promo code MADDENPHL 
\joshk- Great post from @jeff_jordan and @a16z on startup metrics. A must-read for founders! 
\joshk- I love @FlatironHealth's list of 10 Core Values to inform decision-making &amp; provide a sense of what’s important/right 
\joshk- Starting a smartphone/mobile based VR company? You should be talking with my partner @chrisfralic! 
\joshk- My friend @DannyGovberg is turning his 100 yr old company into a startup! Check out &amp; his app 
\joshk- My partner @chrisfralic shares his thoughts on "Why Mobile Will Win First in VR” 
\joshk- Congrats to @BradOneill on sale of @TechValidate to @SurveyMonkey! It's great when good things happen to good people. 
\joshk- At @Swipely board dinner. @sfly was carded. I wasn't. Not sure I'm happy about that. 
\joshk- Original post can be found here - 
\joshk- It's hot here!! (@ Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW) in DFW Airport, TX) 
\joshk- 17/ Thanks to @BenCmejla, @ImChauncey, @camillericketts, @daniel_piemont &amp; @FirstRound's finance team for amazing work on the #10YearProject 
\joshk- 16/ I can't wait until our 20 Year Project! 
\joshk- 15/ Get the full scoop on these findings and more at @firstround's 10 Year Project: 
\joshk- 14/ During the last five years, 75% of @firstround's Northern California startups started their companies in the city 
\joshk- 13/ Deals we “hunted” outperformed referred deals by 58%. Those who came to us directly did 23% better than referrals 
\joshk- 12/ You can win anywhere! Nominal difference between companies inside/outside NY/SF (also might be valuation driven) 
\joshk- 11/ Enterprise companies with a technical founder perform 230% better than their non-technical colleagues 
\joshk- 10/ Not surprising - @firstround companies with more than one founder outperformed solo founders by a whopping 163% 
\joshk- 9/ Surprisingly, repeat founders didn't really outperform first-timers (maybe because pre-money valuation was higher) 
\joshk- 8/ Founding teams with experience at big/iconic tech companies built startups that performed 160% better than others 
\joshk- 7/ Startups with at least one founder from a “top university” performed 220% better than our other teams 
\joshk- 6/ Startup teams with an average founder age under 25 when we invested performed nearly 30% above our average 
\joshk- 5/ Women are Winning: Companies with a female founder performed 63% better than our investments in all-male teams! 
\joshk- 4/ So today we share our “10 Year Project” - 10 findings from 10 years: 
\joshk- 3/ Specifically, we looked at investment performance to find founder characteristics that accompanied success (and the not quite successes) 
\joshk- 2/ That said, as @Firstround turns 10 years old this year, we thought we’d share a bit into the data we collected along the way. 
\joshk- 1/ I believe that venture is far more “art” than “science”. It is a very humbling business, filled with a lot of “false precision” 
\joshk- See the Pitch Deck that @AppNexus used for their first fundraising round. @FirstRound #FirstPitch 
\joshk- Must read book: "Red Notice" True story of @BillBrowder's journey from running a hedge fund to human rights crusader. 
\joshk- Use Uber for Freedom via @barronsonline 
\joshk- Taking a sick day today. Need advice: which global pandemic show should I binge watch today - The Last Ship or The Strain? 
\joshk- 2/ I was right w/ my 2009 prediction (eBay spinout Paypal), but got the timing wrong (2013 vs. 2015) 
\joshk- Prediction: In the next 5 years, Google will acquire eBay. (Rationale: eBay is a high intent search engine for non-standard-SKU-commerce). 
\joshk- Great insight by @davegirouard in todays @firstround review on why speed is the ultimate weapon in business. 
\joshk- Twitter filled w/ very creative people. Can someone PLEASE make a viral video better than this by Nov? #HolidayVideo 
\joshk- 4/ RT @cdixon: Startups are risky and hard. Respect for those brave enough to try. Entrepreneurs are what drive innovation and job creation. 
\joshk- 3/ While @Homejoy did not succeed, our respect for Adora (and her brother @aarontcheung) has only grown. 
\joshk- 2/ We did so because we quickly saw that Adora Cheung was a force of nature - her work ethic and persistence knows @nolimits 
\joshk- 1/ I believe that @Firstround was the first VC who invested in @Homejoy (it was called Pathjoy at the time) 
\joshk- Fascinating data about European stereotypes (especially Greece) from @pewresearch in 2013 
\joshk- Congrats @Smuddu &amp; the entire @CaspidaSecurity team on sale to @Splunk. We'll miss you in the @firstround community! 
\joshk- Former cabbie switches to Uber via @phillydotcom 
\joshk- This is crazy! #USWNT 
\joshk- An interesting POV from @pandodaily: The WhatsApp Moment: When the venture climate became a giant frothy mess 
\joshk- 11/ And for those of you on mobile who can't read the embedded letter, the text of the letter is available here: 
\joshk- 10/ You can read our full, unedited quarterly letter to our institutional limited partners on this topic here: 
\joshk- 9/ While @Firstround continues to actively invest in seed-stage companies, we think it’s important to be aware of the “market math” 
\joshk- 8/ When people look at the “flow of funds” into the market, it is also important to look at the prices those funds are being deployed at. 
\joshk- 7/ It appears that LPs and GPs are implicitly betting that exit values will indeed triple – otherwise industry returns will go down by 3x. 
\joshk- 6/ Unless exit values also triple, a fund that generated a 3x return in 2007 would be just a 1x fund today. (Not rocket science – just math) 
\joshk- 5/ Exit values (from both M&amp;A and IPO), however, have not increased anywhere near the pace of entry values 
\joshk- 4/ Entry prices continue to rise across all VC stages. The average seed stage valuation in 2015 will be almost 3x higher than it was in 2007 
\joshk- 3/ The simple math of venture investing says that only two numbers determine an investment’s return: the entry price and the exit price. 
\joshk- 2/ Some say we’re in a bubble – while other’s say we’re not. While @Firstround doesn’t have a crystal ball, we do have a calculator. 
\joshk- 1/ There’s been a good discussion recently about the state of tech startup/venture market recently. Our thoughts: 
\joshk- 16/ Working to change regulations for innovative/disruptive concepts is not a new phenomenon - &amp; I'm glad I can sell on eBay w/o a license. 
\joshk- 15/ "Pawnshops Pick a Fight With Ebay..An old-school industry lobbies for regulation of online auction companies." 
\joshk- 14/…"the push by pawnbrokers &amp; auctioneers to have regulations...is...a tactic to make life harder for new rivals" 
\joshk- 13/" ...eBay trading assistants doing business in Louisiana needed licenses…" 
\joshk- 12/"If you are selling goods for another...on a commission basis in...Illinois, you need an auctioneer's license." 
\joshk- 11/"Pennylvania's... attempts to require eBay drop-off stores to have an auctioneer's license..." 
\joshk- 10/"Online auction users in North Carolina...were required to get an auctioneer's license or face criminal charges…" 
\joshk- 9/"Ohio residents selling goods on eBay would have to get a license and be bonded" 
\joshk- 8/"In San Diego...deputies...have been visiting Internet consignment sellers to verify...'secondhand good' licenses" 
\joshk- 7/"[eBay sellers in North Dakota may need] instruction in rapid-fire speaking, breathing control and...hand gestures" 
\joshk- 6/"New Hampshire...stated that regular auction sellers...needed...an auctioneer's license or face criminal penalties" 
\joshk- 5/ I remember my time at eBay over a decade ago (before social media could amplify awareness), when they faced extreme regulatory resistance 
\joshk- 4/ Segway "hired lobbyists in all but five states" and "34 states passed such laws" 
\joshk- 3/ 13 years ago Segway had "an army of lobbyists blanket the country, pushing for the new state laws" 
\joshk- 2/ I find that these stories often don't recall that many prior tech innovators faced similar regulatory challenges - &amp; responded similarly 
\joshk- 1/ There's been a few stories recently about how tech companies are working with lobbyists to modernize regulatory frameworks 
\joshk- New from @firstround review: @MaxAlts and @sotoventures on designing your sales stack so that customers come to you – 
\joshk- 7/ Interested in how the STAR model works or our want to know more about the First Round Expert Network? More here: 
\joshk- 6/ We've also hand picked over 100 experts who want STAR engagements w/ companies in the @Firstround community. #FirstRoundExpertNetwork 
\joshk- 5/ We plan on open-sourcing the STAR contract documents, compensation agreements and our key learnings to the entire startup community. 
\joshk- 4/ STAR engagements last 90 days, w/ standardized, performance-based economics &amp; spell out specific, documented deliverables from the start. 
\joshk- 3/ To try to fix it, @Firstround is experimenting a new model: Short-Term Advisory Relationships, or STARs. 
\joshk- 2/ Most current advisors are "generalists", whereas most companies need specialists to solve specific problems at specific times. 
\joshk- 1/ Startup advising is broken. Most startups have 5 to 10 advisors who get equity &amp; end up as nothing more than names on a fundraising slide 
\joshk- Congrats to New York City's newest unicorn: @BlueApron! 
\joshk- Congrats to @mvanhorn &amp; @nikbhogal on launch of @June! (Pro tip to hit a launch deadline, put the date in the name) 
\joshk- Fun visit to @theblacktux's growing office! 
\joshk- Great piece from @mleslie45 on @firstround review: Leslie’s Law: When Small Meets Large, Small (Almost) Always Wins – 
\joshk- Wise words for all entrepreneurs: "May you always remember that obstacles in the path are not obstacles, they ARE the path." - Jane Lotter 
\joshk- Great story on @firstround's own @camillericketts! How Camille Ricketts Is Building a How-To Manual for Startups 
\joshk- I was honored to give the Commencement Address @Wharton San Francisco Executive MBA Graduation Ceremony this year... 
\joshk- Great blog post by @robhayes: “The High Price of the Wrong Solution” 
\joshk- That's one way to stop people from dozing in a mtg: Kim Jong Un Killed Defense Minister for Falling Asleep in Meeting 
\joshk- Horrified by the tragic @Amtrak train crash. School buses, planes and cars have seat belts - maybe it's time for trains too? cc: @AmtrakNEC 
\joshk- Great @Wired profile on @AltSchool. Super excited to work with @Ventilla to help reinvent education. cc:@Firstround 
\joshk- "the fact that external success didn’t deliver what I had always imagined it would left me feeling empty/bewildered." 
\joshk- Nice profile of @DormRoomFund by the @WSJ: Venture capitalists enlist student-run funds to find the next Facebook 
\joshk- One rubric transformed engineering performance at @BoxHQ — Here’s how: via @firstround Review 
\joshk- Depressing realization of the day: Printed out notes for a speech I'm giving and I had to use 18pt font to read it w/o reading glasses. 
\joshk- 5/More details on our Open App experiment here - 
\joshk- 5/More details on our Open App experiment here - 
\joshk- 4/That’s why we’re testing an Open Application for Startups - a new experiment where founders submit a video interview (a virtual pitch). 
\joshk- 3/Introductions work extremely well for us, and we really value them. But we also know that incredible founders/ideas can come from anywhere 
\joshk- 2/ That’s why venture capitalists typically value referrals from people they trust over unsolicited emails to “info@venturefirm.com.” 
\joshk- 1/ Ideas are easy to describe on paper. People are not. 
\joshk- Data: There Are Over 9x More Private IPOs Than Actual Tech IPOs via @cbinsights 
\joshk- As a parent of a teenager, I think Apple needs to come out with an eye-roll emoji. 
\joshk- .@ohnivek just took time away from @Penn's Spring Fling to pitch me #NiteIgnite a event finding site. #UberPitch 
\joshk- Just met the @Agribots team in #UberPitch. Changing the way small farmers share information. 
\joshk- Next stop 37th and Walnut to pick up Carlos #UberPITCH 
\joshk- Just met @AmbitiouslyMade to talk CarMe. Homegrown Philly entrepreneur. #UberPitch 
\joshk- Next stop 38th and Walnut #UberPitch 
\joshk- Just met two extremely passionate founders of @ManeStreem #UberPitch 
\joshk- On my way to my first #UberPitch -- of to 36th and Chestnut! 
\joshk- Want to meet tech icons &amp; help share their stories? @Firstround Review is hiring a fulltime writer/editor - #JoinUs 
\joshk- Excited to debut the second shirt in my new line of VC apparel. #ThisTimeItsDifferent 
\joshk- Watching @natsturner tell the @flatironhealth story at #VentureCrushNY 
\joshk- Hey Philly startups, this Friday pitch me (and 10 other VCs) in an @Uber_Philly. Info here: cc:@startupPHL #UberPITCH 
\joshk- Putting my @Penn degree to good use :-) 
\joshk- What @howes28 learned scaling engineering teams through euphoria and horror – via @firstround 
\joshk- I'm thinking of launching a VC clothing line. cc: @aileenlee 
\joshk- 11/How many "private IPOs" are underwater now? The low frequency of trading in these companies means we won't know for years. 
\joshk- 10/And a third of the 2013 IPOs were underwater by end of the 2013 - 
\joshk- 9/More than 65% of 2011 IPOs were underwater before the end of 2011 - 
\joshk- 8/If there is one thing we can learn from the public IPO market, it's that our industry isn't always very good at pricing large companies. 
\joshk- 7/By relying on private financing events as "comps", we risk pricing new financings (and creating new unicorns) based on stale valuations. 
\joshk- 6/One negative of low frequency trading in private companies is the fact that prior financings are used as comps for other financings. 
\joshk- 5/One benefit of low frequency trading in private companies is a long term focus - removing arbitrary time constraints for growth/profits. 
\joshk- 4/IMO theres not enough focus on "low frequency trading". Public companies reprice daily. Private companies don't have to reprice for years. 
\joshk- 3/I don't think we will fully understand the impact of the "private IPO" phenomenon for another 10 yrs - until after a full cycle plays out. 
\joshk- 2/This stood out most to me: 231 co's raised $40M+ growth rounds in 2014 while just ~240 VC backed IT co's went public in the LAST 10 YEARS. 
\joshk- 1/The data shared by @ttunguz deserves a lot of attention from tech investors (both early and late stage) &amp; LPs. 
\joshk- We're hiring! @Firstround is looking for an Accountant. Based in Philly. More details here: 
\joshk- Highly recommend @kazanjy's definitive article on how to hire winning salespeople – 
\joshk- Feeling the love @EdGrapeNutZimm cc: @VentureCrushNY 
\joshk- Extra-long partners meeting today 
\joshk- 10/ Perhaps companies should keep a "ledger" of all of their debts - financial, technical, sales, marketing, hiring, etc? 
\joshk- 9/ It's interesting to watch companies make rational tradeoffs (understanding the costs of speed) in their technical teams but not elsewhere 
\joshk- 8/ Or "hiring debt" that comes from a hiring binge without investing in the management/cultural processes to make the new hires successful. 
\joshk- 7/ For example, I frequently see companies incur "sales debt" by ramping up sales teams too fast, with incomplete scripts and process 
\joshk- 6/ While it is explicitly understood that engineers might take shortcuts (&amp; accrue debt), other functions don't have that same transparency. 
\joshk- 5/ I'm surprised, however, that we don't frequently head about other "debts" that companies incur in the name of speed/growth. 
\joshk- 4/ Not all technical debt is bad. Founders are used to working with their CTO to decide what technical debt to incur and when to repay it. 
\joshk- 3/ These decisions are frequently known (and debated) in advance - and typically result in "interest payments" to repay the technical debt 
\joshk- 2/ Companies often intentionally make decisions to incur technical debt to grow faster and achieve near-term goals. 
\joshk- 1/ "Technical Debt" is a familiar concept in startups - ie, the tradeoffs from short-term decisions &amp; underinvestment 
\joshk- Congrats to @Firstround company @Yieldex on their sale to (another @Firstround co) @AppNexus! #FirstRoundCommunity 
\joshk- .@jessicamckellar on what impactful engineering looks like – via @firstround 
\joshk- Absolutely Perfect “Shake It Off” Spoof by @ChildrensPhila 
\joshk- Great post by @sarahcuda. "No matter how many unicorns are on covers of magazines, this shit is just not easy." 
\joshk- While there are some super-angels who add tremendous value, there are others who are neither super nor angelic. 
\joshk- Today I shared some thoughts on how the Series Seed Surge has exacerbated the Series A Crunch. 
\joshk- Wondering when startup/tech company videos get their own category at the Academy Awards? #BestStartupShortVideo 
\joshk- Amazing wines with @EdGrapeNutZimm. Gauntlet thrown @jeff 
\joshk- That moment when you look around your office and realize that every photo of your kids is at least 8 years old. #TimeToTakeTheBabyPhotosDown 
\joshk- Powerful artwork from Titus Kaphar (@ Jack Shainman Gallery in New York, NY) 
\joshk- Powerful Tips from Tech's Top Media Trainer and Speaking Coach via @firstround 
\joshk- .@mleslie45 on The Arc of Company Life - and How to Prolong It via @firstround 
\joshk- How @tassoR and @locationlabs turned a slow burn rate into a big exit via @firstround 
\joshk- "Decency is not news. It is buried in the obituaries, but is a force stronger than crime." - Robert A. Heinlein 
\joshk- .@moveloot raises $9M series A to bring their vertically integrated furniture marketplace to more people &amp; places 
\joshk- Great insight from @kazanjy in today's @Firstround Review: To Build An Amazing Sales Team, Start Here First 
\joshk- 3/ Looks like 2031 will be a good year for founders of web based calendar startups... 
\joshk- 2/ 1999 Headline: "Microsoft Acquires Leading Web-Based Calendar Company Jump Networks" 
\joshk- 1/ 2015 Headline: "@Microsoft Acquires Calendar App @Sunrise For North Of $100 Million" 
\joshk- 3/ Wall Street Journal, “Venture Firms Lack People of Experience”, 12/8/1983 H/T @ganeumann 
\joshk- 2/..."some veterans are dropping potential deals because they’re wary of the competence of other venture capitalists involved in the deal." 
\joshk- 1/"A tendency by newcomer [VCs] to overestimate the value of new companies contributed to the recent sharp rise in the size of such deals.." 
\joshk- Finally, WiFi that works. Pre-order @GetEero and save 30%! 
\joshk- Psyched customer/investor in @GetEero A Smart Wireless Routing System That Does For WiFi What Nest Did To Thermostats 
\joshk- Really insightful new piece from @stewart on @slack's go to market in todays @firstround Review: 
\joshk- OH from @lloydtabb: "A good life is a series of good days..." 
\joshk- Best read in a long time (other than the @Firstround Review). @bencasnocha on lessons learned working w/ @reidhoffman 
\joshk- Psyched to be joining the board of @TheBlackTux as they raise $10M to grow their online tuxedo rental business 
\joshk- Looking forward to crashing some weddings next year for the @firstround holiday video cc: @brettberson 
\joshk- Great advice for first time founders from our very own @robhayes via @firstround 
\joshk- 5/ And I look forward to working with @MattKaness on the next chapter of @Modcloth's growth! 
\joshk- 4/ That growth only happens w strong leadership. A huge thanks to @erickoger for 12yrs at the helm @Modcloth. I've learned so much from you. 
\joshk- 3/ During the last 6 years @Modcloth has experienced tremendous growth (over 100x), shipping over 2,000,000 orders globally in 2014. 
\joshk- 2/ When @Firstround first invested in @Modcloth in early 2008, they had only shipped 15K orders in the prior 12 months. 
\joshk- 1/ Exciting news from @Modcloth! 
\joshk- Hey NYC - @Firstround is looking for a combo office coordinator/administrative support person. Know anybody great? 
\joshk- Looking to Scale Your Sales? Seven Bullets to Dodge via @firstround 
\joshk- .@HLMorgan and I are VERY thankful that this video didn't come out last year! 
\joshk- Thinking back to when *69 and caller id were groundbreaking communication technologies #FeelingOld 
\joshk- Hey Philly founders, @chrisfralic and I are hosting office hours on 2/2 for those interested in @StartupPHL funding 
\joshk- It's here - our seventh annual holiday video. Enjoy - and happy holidays!! 
\joshk- Wow! Just heard that @OnDeckCapital is now the highest valued venture-backed technology company to IPO in NYC history. 
\joshk- I love that other investors are doing musical holiday videos! Check out this one from @OneCarlyle (Carlyle Group) 
\joshk- Congratulations to @noahbreslow and the @OnDeckCapital team. 
\joshk- Hello @NYSE! cc: @ondeckcapital 
\joshk- Looking forward to tomorrow morning... 
\joshk- New from the @firstround Review: Great advice from @sgblank on how to find a co-founder 
\joshk- Check out this letter from Chateau Lafite Rothschild in response to #BestTwitterResponseEver 
\joshk- Great dinner at Foreign Cinema thanks to @reserve 
\joshk- Great advice from Anurag Gupta on how to mechanize your hiring process via @firstround 
\joshk- Apparently it's going to rain today in San Francisco. 
\joshk- .@jenniferjhirsch in today's @Firstround review: Here's What I Learned from Working with 50+ PR Firms 
\joshk- The only way you can build a viable business when your CAC is based on an extended LTV is if you have enough cash to get to the LT. 
\joshk- Life in USA in 1907: Life expectancy, 47 yrs; homes w bathtub 14%; homes w phone 8%; # of miles of paved roads: 144 
\joshk- Excited to announce the @StartupPHL Angel Fund tonight with @Michael_Nutter, @GradyJS, @PhiladelphiaGov &amp; @PIDCphila 
\joshk- I just met @Launchquad founded by @Wharton student. Like @ProductHunt but for college startups 
\joshk- On days like today, I start to think that I'm too old to take redeyes. #LivingTheDream 
\joshk- 6\ In PA, all liquor stores must be run by the state. #OldLaws #JustSaying … 
\joshk- 5\ In PA you can't perform marriages when the bride or groom is drunk. Cops should give breathalyzers before the walk down aisle. #OldLaws 
\joshk- 4\ PA drivers on country roads at night must stop every mile, send up a rocket signal &amp; wait for road to be cleared of livestock. #OldLaws 
\joshk- 3\ In PA it's illegal for fortunetellers to tell where to dig for treasure. When is the sting operation? #OldLaws 
\joshk- 2\ PA ordinance also bans "housewives from hiding dirt &amp; dust under a rug in a dwelling." Enforced? … #OldLaws 
\joshk- Did you know it's illegal to sing in a bathtub in PA? I wonder if authorities are impounding bathtubs. #OldLaws 
\joshk- 7/. It's pretty clear I'm better at driving than at making small talk. Fun few hours driving for @Uber_Philly. Met some nice people. 
\joshk- 6/ Just drove my 4th UberX ride. Philly is hopping. (Must have something to do with @Uber_Philly giving out free rides). I'm done for now! 
\joshk- 5/ Just dropped 3 girls off at Frankfort Hall. Looks busy there. (It sounds like Blake and Justin are in for a fun night) cc: @Uber_Philly 
\joshk- 4/ I feel so much pressure to pick a good radio station. Just dropped Tim in south philly. Cc: @Uber_Philly @Uber 
\joshk- 3/ That was fun! Now off to pick up Tim for my second trip as an UberX driver. Cc: @Uber_Philly @Uber 
\joshk- 2/ And I'm off. My first ride is at @penn i'm on my way to pick them up. 
\joshk- So UberX has come to Philly -- and its free! I'm an approved driver &amp; driving now. Who will be my first ride! cc: @Uber_Philly @Uber 
\joshk- I can't wait to see @MagicLeap. (They raised more money in this one round than @firstround has invested in 10 years across 250+ companies) 
\joshk- When It Comes to Market Leadership, Be the Gorilla from @arachleff via @firstround 
\joshk- Looks like I'm going to be spending an (unscheduled) night in Frankfurt, Germany. Anyone have good restaurant recommendations for dinner? 
\joshk- Gucci would have been a great late stage VC in today's market. 
\joshk- What Eventbrite Did Early to Create ‘Sustainable’ Success via @firstround 
\joshk- Win the War for Great Global Talent — Keys to International Recruiting from @megzenger via @firstround 
\joshk- Congrats Mike @tarullo for your great work training and accelerating the next generation of entrepreneurs at @venture4america. #My30Under30 
\joshk- Find the Best Lawyer for Your Startup with This Off-the-Record Advice via @firstround 
\joshk- Excited to see @Monetate take top billing in @Trustradius's ranking for A/B testing and web optimization platforms 
\joshk- Sign the petition to support uberX in PA cc: @PASenateGOP @PaSenateDems @PAHouseGOP @PaHouseDems #PAneedsUber 
\joshk- Wow. My longbet prediction from 2009 came true - eBay will spin out Paypal. I was just nine months off.... 
\joshk- Excited to see @SpringboardPHL in @NYTimes for their work to stop the "summer slide" in Philly. #SocialEntrepreneurs 
\joshk- Great advice from First Round's own @phineasb on getting the most out of your startup's advisors via @firstround 
\joshk- Amazing wines at dinner with @softtechvc and @jeff. Gauntlet thrown @EdGrapeNutZimm 
\joshk- This Is How You Get People to Trust Your Product from @urbansitter via @firstround 
\joshk- Congrats to @m2jr and @annimaniac on closing their 5th Floodgate fund! Two class acts &amp; I look forward to working w them for years to come. 
\joshk- Congrats to @zoomin on their acquisition of @Photojojo! 
\joshk- Power Up Your Team with Nonviolent Communication Principles from @jerrycolonna @annmehl via @firstround 
\joshk- Positioning Your Startup is Vital — Here’s How to Nail It via @firstround 
\joshk- 6/ What are the best practices for making sure you are always surrounded by people who are empowered to ask tough questions? 
\joshk- 5/ A well-asked question forces the receiver to go on a journey of discovery. 
\joshk- 4/ When I’m in board rooms today, I’ve seen how one well thought out question can reshape the course of a meeting (and of a company) 
\joshk- 3/ One of the (few) disadvantages facing repeat founders is that people just assume they’re right and they don't get any real questions 
\joshk- 2/ When I was an entrepreneur pitching VCs, I always valued a VC with an insightful question more than a VC with a strong point of view. 
\joshk- 1/ Sometimes the best person to have in the room isn’t the person who gives the right answer – it’s the person who asks the right question. 
\joshk- Excited to see @Sproutling's first product - a wearable that tracks your infant's sleep patterns 
\joshk- The One Tool Startups Need to Brainstorm, Test and Win from @alexosterwalder via @firstround 
\joshk- How to Engage Your Users to Build the Product They Actually Want from @stevelhage @massdrop via @firstround 
\joshk- New from the @firstround Review: How Startups Can Do Retail Right from the Inventor of the Apple Store 
\joshk- Great profile on @FlatironHealth, @natsturner and @zachweinberg in @FortuneMagazine: Can Big Data cure cancer? 
\joshk- How Designers Can Earn a Seat at the Table via @firstround 
\joshk- 8/ It sure would be great if @Mattermark or @CBinsights rated VC's on this spectrum! 
\joshk- 7/ Phase 5: Insanity -- he goes criminally insane. 
\joshk- 6/ Phase 4: Psychosis -- he truly begins to lose his mind, blaming others for the problems cropping up in the portfolio. 
\joshk- 5/ Phase 3: Delusion -- he thinks his success is due to his own brilliance, instead of the hard work of the company mgmt teams, &amp; some luck. 
\joshk- 4/ Phase 2. Entitlement -- he starts to think he "deserves" the private jet. 
\joshk- 3/ Phase 1. Complete Innocence -- he is a hard-working, humble, and honest guy. 
\joshk- 2/ Like the hero in the classical Greek tragedy, the life of a private equity / venture capital GP has five phases: 
\joshk- 1/ A friend recently shared a "description of the life of a private equity/venture capital fund manager" as described by a major endowment. 
\joshk- .@DanShipper Built &amp; Sold His Startup While in School: Here’s How He Did It. Great story in our @Firstround review 
\joshk- .@Metromile is disrupting world of insurance! Per-mile insurance is now available in CA. Get a quote today - 
\joshk- 8/ What else am I missing? 
\joshk- 7/ While you would think a game company wants more gameplay, @Zynga chose to limit it. (Results – avoid game saturation, increases LTV) 
\joshk- 6/ @Path chose to limit number of friends to 150 (now 500). (Result – limiting friends = more intimate/transparent discussion) 
\joshk- 5/ Whereas @Pinterest allows external links w each Pin. (Result - users view Pinterest as collection of external content - unlike Instagram) 
\joshk- 4/ Or @Instagram's decision not to allow any external links with their photos. (Result – Users consume all content in app) 
\joshk- 3/ Or @Uber's decision not to let users schedule a pick up in advance (Result – Focus on 24/7 availability and liquidity) 
\joshk- 2/ Like Twitter's decision not to have a read/unread count. (Result – No notification saturation; users view tweets as ephemeral) 
\joshk- 1/ Great products are often defined by small decisions. I've been trying to catalog contrarian product decisions and the impact they've had. 
\joshk- Why marketing should have its own engineers from @superstrong @knewton via @firstround 
\joshk- Here's How History's Most Brilliant People Scheduled Their Days 
\joshk- Super-excited for @kentgoldman on the launch of his new fund @upsidevc! #Can'tWaitToCoInvest! 
\joshk- New from @firstround Review: @hueypriest @reddit talks about managing online communities of all sizes 
\joshk- I just backed Electric Objects: A Computer Made for Art on @Kickstarter 
\joshk- The cease and desist decision issued by the @PA_PUC for @Uber and @Lyft is a real setback for Pennsylvania. 
\joshk- Lessons on building a fulfilling life and career from @HeidiRoizen via @firstround 
\joshk- It looks like the budget for #firstroundscoops just went up. Gotta love NY's finest! 
\joshk- We serve our community everyday, but today @firstround is serving ice-cream to our NYC companies. #firstroundscoops 
\joshk- Congrats to @softtechvc and @jeff on raising their fourth fund! 
\joshk- That is all the @firstround news today. Now go watch soccer. 
\joshk- Excited to share @phineasb's move home to SF &amp; welcome @wileycerilli to @Firstround's NYC team 
\joshk- As we announce our next @firstround fund, we are honored by the trust &amp; support we've received from founders and LPs 
\joshk- Being a VC is like watching a car accident via @phineasb 
\joshk- Buying/selling secondhand furniture in San Francisco just got even easier with the @moveloot iOS app. Happy looting! 
\joshk- Great advice from @jmilinovich @urxtech on how fast-growing startups can fix internal communication via @firstround 
\joshk- Not surprising that the taxi medallion system &amp; prohibition began at the same time. Great story by @washingtonpost 
\joshk- New to @Uber? Your first ride's free, up to $30! Sign up and claim yours here: 
\joshk- What @kazanjy learned from working with hundreds of recruiters via @firstround 
\joshk- Spotify’s Design Lead @schneidertobias explains why side projects should be stupid via @firstround 
\joshk- Watching Malala speak about @MalalaFund at #Forbes400Summit. Inspiring (at @nypl) 
\joshk- The Cambridge License Commission is trying to shut down @Uber_Bos under the radar. Speak Up Here: #CambridgeNeedsUber 
\joshk- My plane lands in Philly in 20 minutes. Hopefully I can be home in time to watch the fourth overtime. 
\joshk- Awesome to bump into @VigLink founder @oroup at SFO on the day he announced an $18M fundraise. Should I be worried he's flying to Vegas?? 
\joshk- Congrats to Solve Media CEO @AriJacoby on 2014 Entrepreneur of the Year Award Winner for Greater Philadelphia!!! 
\joshk- Great to see Mayor @Michael_Nutter make the rounds to support Philadelphia startups 
\joshk- How @possiblehealth's culture code is powering the world’s toughest work via @firstround 
\joshk- I'm at Nashville International Airport (BNA) - @fly_nashville (Nashville, TN) w/ 33 others 
\joshk- Took two flights, but I'm here - and looking forward to #SouthlandSE (at @fly_nashville) 
\joshk- How @Lumosity Spiked Active Users 10% with Complexity, Not Simplicity. Latest from @firstround review 
\joshk- Congrats @danshipper &amp; @justinmeltzer on @usefirefly's acquisition by @Pega. (First @DormRoomFund exit) My post here: 
\joshk- How @harrys cracked a $2.4 billion market with branding via @firstround 
\joshk- Congrats to @Curalate on raising $8.6 million to help brands manage the visual web 
\joshk- Great tips for sparking creativity from Pixar’s President @edcatmull via @firstround 
\joshk- So who am I going to have lunch with -- you? 
\joshk- Software is Eating Hardware - Lessons from @adamac for Building Magical Devices via @firstround 
\joshk- At #codecon, @GwynethPaltrow Paltrow is post @satyanadella , and Sergey Brin is post-post-Nadella. 
\joshk- My short term memory is terrible...and so is my short term memory. 
\joshk- The 39 Best Pieces of Sales Advice You’ll Hear This Year from @wileycerilli 
\joshk- Put an expiration date on every process (and cancel every recurring meeting). Bold thoughts from @pxd 
\joshk- "Process Is Being Told What to Do by Someone Who Has Less Information than You." Words of wisdom by @pxd 
\joshk- Excited for the launch of @CertifiedUS at @venturef0rth! 
\joshk- Psyched to announce our investment in @Soldsie - The Service That Lets You Shop Via Facebook And Instagram Comments 
\joshk- Great @Firstround Review interview with @NoLimits (Adora Cheung) on how @Homejoy Launched in 30 Cities in 6 Months 
\joshk- Have lunch with me, and help fund a cure for LLS at the same time 
\joshk- On nights like tonight, my "first round" twitter search is kindof useless. #NFLDraft 
\joshk- Congrats to @natsturner @zachweinberg &amp; the @flatironhealth team on raising $130M to bring big data to fight cancer 
\joshk- Say it ain't so. I'm bummed #ItWasGoodWhileItLasted Virgin America is leaving Philly - 
\joshk- Check out @siberianfruit (Deena Varshavskaya), the founder of @Wanelo on the cover of @BusinessWeek! 
\joshk- Great interview w @Firstround community member @angusdav in the @NYtimes. "If you don’t ask, the answer is always no" 
\joshk- A master-class in pricing theory by @arampell!! Don't Leave Money on the Table with This Crash Course in Pricing 
\joshk- Big news. @Upstart now offers students (&amp; people w limited credit history) fixed interest rate loans in 50 states! 
\joshk- Inspiring to see a grandfather of a Sandy Hook victim use crowdfunding to stop future tragedies. A Grandfather's Hope 
\joshk- The Best Hires Are Right Under Your Nose. @Kazanjy shares his system to never miss them again 
\joshk- Can someone point out the section in the law that allows big TV antennas but not small ones? Why @Aereo Matters 
\joshk- The flag is up - The Story of Francis Bates 
\joshk- Congrats to @jvaleski, @chrismoodycom and the entire @gnip team on their acquisition by @Twitter 
\joshk- The quality of people I met with at yesterday's #venturecrush was really impressive! Thanks @EdGrapeNutZimm and @LowensteinLLP 
\joshk- Hyper-Growth Done Right - Lessons From @Adityaag, the Man Who Scaled Engineering at Dropbox and Facebook 
\joshk- Standing room only at the #MonetateSummit cc: @monetate 
\joshk- Pumped to work with Wearable Intelligence and @yanda to build real-world uses for Google Glass. Watch this video: 
\joshk- What a beautiful and thoughtful piece by @elleluna: When You're at the Crossroads of Should and Must 
\joshk- Looking forward to speaking at #ptw14 (at @FreeLibrary of Philadelphia) 
\joshk- Here’s Why You’re Not Hiring the Best and the Brightest by @codinghorror in today's @firstround review 
\joshk- Jewelry startup @chloeandisabel updates the Tupperware party for the social media age via @FortuneMagazine 
\joshk- Psyched that @Mightybell is open to the public! Congrats to @ginab 
\joshk- Great @Firstround Review article from @angusdav at @Swipely - "Takeoffs are optional, but landings are mandatory." 
\joshk- I expect that any day now I will get the "Nest for nailclippers" pitch in my inbox... 
\joshk- Great story on @Birchbox in today's @NYTimes: Birchbox, Seller of Beauty Products, Steps Out From Web With a Store 
\joshk- The Best PR Advice You’ve Never Heard from Caryn Maroony Facebook’s Head of Tech Communications in @Firstround Review 
\joshk- 2558 words of perfect awesomeness: The Do’s and Don’ts of Rapid Scaling for Startups from today's @firstround review 
\joshk- Kudos to @Newsweek for finding Satoshi Nakamoto! Tip @techmeme 
\joshk- Congrats to @OnDeckCapital on raising $77M from Tiger Global to Expand Small Business Lending. WSJ story: 
\joshk- Todays @firstround review: How Modern Marketplaces Like @Uber and @Airbnb Build Trust and Liquidity via @firstround 
\joshk- Will Bringing Big Data into the Classroom Help Students Learn Better? Good profile of #FRC company, @Knewton - 
\joshk- 31 Reasons Why Philadelphia Is The Most Underrated City In America 
\joshk- Management Lessons from @KimballScott's experience at 3 Failed Startups, Google, Apple, Dropbox, Twitter and Square: 
\joshk- It's time to put @Carl_C_Icahn on the same list that @nathanmyhrvold and the Samwer brothers are on... 
\joshk- Great Crisis Management Advice from @Maynard, "the Man Who Helped Save eBay" on the @Firstround Review - 
\joshk- Stop what you're doing &amp; read this post by @phineasb in @firstround review: 23 Tools to Make Your Feedback Meaningful 
\joshk- With all the "Flappy" clones, I can't wait to see which VC creates the first "Flappy Fund" to focus on the space... 
\joshk- Hacking Siri @pennapps #PennApps 
\joshk- Homework Machine @PennApps #PennApps 
\joshk- Excited for the start of #PennApps! Cc:@PennApps 
\joshk- Congrats to @mwsmalls and @hooplasoftware on raising $8M from @trinityventures! #PhillyStartupsRising 
\joshk- Help us Oshie one. Your our only hope. #TeamUSA 
\joshk- No goal!! 
\joshk- The Brain Hacks Top Founders Use to Get the Job Done: 
\joshk- Nice to wake up to a story about @docpreneur215's @designprintcafe in @phillydotcom this morning - 
\joshk- Miami needs @Uber! Cc @Uber Miami 
\joshk- Andy Grove's silver bullet test. If you had 1 bullet, which competitor would you shoot with it? 
\joshk- Reading an old Andy Grove speech. So much goodness in here on Strategic Inflection Points and competition 
\joshk- Unlocking the Power of Stable Teams - great insight from @chfry, Twitter’s SVP of Engineering from @Firstround Review 
\joshk- Huge congrats to @jfonstad and @tgr on the launch of @AspectVC, their new venture fund! 
\joshk- Super excited that @Firstround is investing in @GetConfide to bring Disappearing Messages To Enterprise Users 
\joshk- Psyched that @Remind101 got $15M From @JohnDoerr &amp; @KPCB to Bring Free, Secure Text Messaging To Teachers 
\joshk- Wishing @KentGoldman nothing but good things as he decides to Be a Founder. 
\joshk- New @Firstround review story: @Asana’s Justin Rosenstein on the One Quality Every Startup Needs to Survive: 
\joshk- The @CNN iPhone app needs to add a notification option so that I can get breaking news alerts without getting Justin Bieber headlines 
\joshk- The Five Mistakes Startups Make When Building for Mobile: 
\joshk- Amazing growth at @OnDeckCapital (150% YoY growth &amp; $100M runrate). Thrilled they're in the @Firstround community! 
\joshk- I just pre-ordered a copy of Smart People Should Build Things. All college students should read it! #BeAFounder 
\joshk- Icahn Calls for eBay to Split Up $EBAY I was one year too late. 
\joshk- Great to see the #PhillyTech community at @TechnicallyPHL's 5 yr b-day bash last night (except the person who tagged our offices w graffiti) 
\joshk- Nice to see @TeamDoorbot featured on the #TonightShow with @JayLeno 
\joshk- Impressive turnout at @FirstGrowthVN in NYC! 
\joshk- "Numbers are only as valuable as their ability to drive decisions and change." from todays @firstround review article 
\joshk- My new blog post: On Data Persistence...and Confide 
\joshk- I guess this makes @Firstround one of the only VC firms who seed funded a monopoly in the last two decades. New firm slogan? 
\joshk- Huh? $GOOG is not a monopoly (~$60B 2014 rev). $FB not a monopoly (~$10B 2014 rev). But $BV is? (~$200M 2014 rev) 
\joshk- An Economics Lesson at the Baggage Carousel via @WSJ 
\joshk- Great advice from @Swipely's @AngusDav in @Firstround Review on "How to Make OKRs Actually Work at Your Startup" 
\joshk- Nice post on raising venture capital by @twang: “Horses, rabbits and poker” 
\joshk- Nice to see that the @Firstround community represents over 10% of the finalists for the 2013 Crunchies Awards 
\joshk- Excited to see both @Homejoy and @DogVacay on @Venturebeat's list of 5 marketplace companies to watch in 2014 
\joshk- Partying like its 99. Happy New Years! (@ Wayne Gretzky's Toronto - @waynegretzkysto) [pic]: 
\joshk- Guess What Day it Is? Guess What Day it is? Happy Holidays from @firstround! Check out this years video: 
\joshk- Looking forward to #njtechmeetup (@ Howe Center w/ 3 others) 
\joshk- Hey @Peter_Levine -- sorry I missed you @mitvcconference 
\joshk- Lunch with the Boston @DormRoomFund (@ Grafton Street Pub - @grafton02138) 
\joshk- Hello Boston! Looking forward to @newenglandVC Chat, @MITVCConference &amp; mtg w @DormRoomFund. 
\joshk- Great news for #Philly tech. Congrats to @DreamitVentures and @DrexelUniv! 
\joshk- Great post from @Dengbert (Evernote’s CTO) on the Biggest Security Worries From 3-300 Employees in @Firstround review 
\joshk- I don't know whether I'm relieved or upset that @MsRebeccaBlack released her "Saturday" video after we started filming the @firstround video 
\joshk- Nice @Coverscreen review: "efficient, slick &amp; easy to use" and was "missed... whenever I switched over to my iPhone" 
\joshk- Quick trip to #Providence for @Swipely board meeting today. @angusdav and team are quietly building a massive business. #HockeyStickGrowth 
\joshk- Looking forward to talking #startups &amp; #VC in #Boston next week at @cooleyLLP. Join me for coffee: @newenglandvc 
\joshk- I'm impressed w/ @Sequoia_Capital's site showing their nonprofit LPs. Surprised it got so little attention. #Respect 
\joshk- I don't tweet many videos, but this is amazing! Researchers @ChildrensPhila have hacked the HIV virus to cure cancer. 
\joshk- This is what a journalist who just got scooped by a VC looks like cc: @danshipper @juliana_f_reyes @TechnicallyPHL 
\joshk- This is what an entrepreneur who just signed a 6-digit contract looks like. Way to go @danshipper! cc: @DormRoomFund 
\joshk- I picked the wrong day to start giving up caffeine. 
\joshk- Awesome guest post in @firstround review by @arachleff: The Right Way to Grant Equity to Your Employees 
\joshk- People will do anything to audition for the @firstround holiday video! See @JamieSiminoff &amp; @TeamDoorBot on Sharktank 
\joshk- Exclusive access for friends and family. A few days only. ALOHA, a new approach to healthy living: 
\joshk- New @Firstround Review article: Fight Like You're Right, Listen Like You're Wrong and Other Keys to Great Management 
\joshk- Congratulations to @jsheward1 and the #Fiberlink team on their acquisition by @IBM #PhillyRising 
\joshk- It's good to be back... (@ eBay Headquarters w/ 3 others) [pic]: 
\joshk- Getting ready to go onstage at #ThinkFest. (at @KimmelCenter for the Performing Arts w/ 5 others) [pic]: 
\joshk- Congratulations to @brezina and the @sincerely team on their sale. All of us at @firstround are sincerely grateful to have been investors. 
\joshk- New @Firstround Review story: Top Hacks from @Toddj0, the PM Behind Two of Tech's Hottest Products: 
\joshk- Welcome aboard @camillericketts! 
\joshk- Sign the petition to save @Uber in Rhode Island! - 
\joshk- Congrats to @ahpah, @davej95, @Claw &amp; the @AKintelligence team on the sale to @Neustar. It's been a wild 2904 days - 
\joshk- That feeling you get when you remember that putting your thumb on the button of your iPad won't unlock it... 
\joshk- Super excited to introduce our latest investment - Cover! 
\joshk- Excited to announce @StartupPHL's first investment in Philly based @RealFoodWorks 
\joshk- My nomination for best blog post of the year goes to @bryce for today's post: Most People Won't -- 
\joshk- Cool list of top Universities producing VC-backed entrepreneurs. (@DormRoomFund is now running at 100% of the top 5)! 
\joshk- Looking forward to speaking at @PhillyMag Thinkfest on 11/9. Details here: 
\joshk- Best license plate for a Tesla I've seen yet... 
\joshk- Today's post from the @Firstround Review: The Secret to Making Board Meetings Suck Less: from @Bonforte 
\joshk- New @FirstRound Review story - There’s a .00006% Chance of Building a Billion Dollar Company: How @ClimateCorp Did It 
\joshk- New @FirstRound Review story - There’s a .00006% Chance of Building a Billion Dollar Company: How @ClimateCorp Did It 
\joshk- Great mktg campaign from @grasshopper. Rcvd a VHS tape in the mail w/ this "So You Want To Be An Entrepreneur" video 
\joshk- Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Congrats David Friedberg &amp; @ClimateCorp team on their $930M acquisition 
\joshk- .@michaelapuscar So glad you are OK! 
\joshk- Loving the new "share my ETA" feature on @uber 
\joshk- Great to spend some time with @garyvee today -- I always learn something when I'm with him. 
\joshk- Congrats to @Liftopia (An E-Commerce Platform For Ski Resorts) on Raising An Additional $5 Million 
\joshk- In todays @Firstround Review @mikeisbrown talks M&amp;A/acquihires based on his time in corp dev at @Twitter @Facebook 
\joshk- New @Firstround Review interview with @brooke - Why Most Startups Don't 'Get' Press: 
\joshk- Today is @DormRoomFund's 1 year anniversary. In the last year they've funded 24 student-run companies. A look back: 
\joshk- Boom! 10 percent of teachers in the U.S. are now using @Remind101 
\joshk- Hey Boston student entrepreneurs, apply to join the @dormroomfund Boston! Details on info sessions/application here 
\joshk- OH: @btrenchard that cosmo isn't going to drink itself. 
\joshk- Wow. The clue for 59 Across in today's @NewYorkTimes crossword puzzle is "Owner of 4 letters. #humblebrag 
\joshk- Excited to judge the final round of #PennApps! (@ PennApps w/ 3 others) 
\joshk- Great @Firstround Review article from @statico on How to Go From Google Engineer to First-Time CTO: 
\joshk- Congrats to @Cluster for being featured by the @AppStore today! Download the app here: 
\joshk- New story in The @Firstround Review - What to Do When You’re the Only Designer They’ve Got: 
\joshk- New @FirstRound Review Story: What You Want in a VP Engineering from @RiviTeam (Recruiters Behind Twitter &amp; LinkedIn) 
\joshk- Boom! @TaskRabbit is now live in Philadelphia! 
\joshk- Congrats to Brandon Ramsey and the @FanhoodSports team on their sale to @FOXSports - 
\joshk- Great to see @targyros &amp; @MayankBawa (co-founders of @AsterData) featured in @Forbes #WhyISupportTheStartupVisa 
\joshk- The anatomy of the perfect technical interview from a former Amazon VP: 
\joshk- First Round Capital Gave 11 Students $500,000, And This Is What They Did With It By @sarahfkessler via @FastCompany 
\joshk- How @ModCloth Went From a College Dorm to $100 Million a Year via @mashable 
\joshk- The One Question Every Investor Needs to Ask Themselves via @kentgoldman 
\joshk- Prediction - China will build the hyperloop 10 years before the US. 
\joshk- Congrats to @Firstround community member @LookerData on their $16M Series A financing round! 
\joshk- New post in the #FRC Review: How @Medium is building a new kind of company with no managers cc: @stirman @ev 
\joshk- Congrats to @MooreNed, Dan Guy &amp; the entire (Philly-based) @ClutchShopping team on their $5M funding from @Safeguard 
\joshk- Congrats to @ericvishria, @howes28 and the @Rockmelt team on their sale to Yahoo! The #FRC Community will miss you! 
\joshk- Great article about @MemSql in @Wired. 
\joshk- A nice interview with @firstround's @phineasb on the @DormRoomFund in @Forbes Magazine 
\joshk- Not a fan of "[Insert Big Company Name Here] could be doing more to help tech ecosystem" news stories - 
\joshk- . @ModCloth, Now With Over $100 Million In Annual Revenue, Is Going Mobile First 
\joshk- The "cumulative-advantage hypothesis" offers an interesting take on the power of "social proof' 
\joshk- Great insight from Jonathan Rosenberg 
\joshk- 42 Rules to Lead by from the Man Who Defined Google’s Product Strategy: 
\joshk- Mustread from @JeffWeiner on LinkedIn's success: Values. Compassion. Strategy. Execution. Leadership. Unified goals. 
\joshk- One year after launch, online bank Simple (@Simplify) sees $1B in annualized transactions 
\joshk- Wow - incredible profile of @Knewton and @Knewton_Jose in today's @thedailybeast #ReinventingEducation 
\joshk- New post in #FirstRoundReview - @DrewHouston’s morph from hacker to hyper-growth CEO: 
\joshk- Congrats to @Bonforte, @Brezina, @Asmith and team @Xobni on their sale to @Yahoo! 
\joshk- Great news for Philly! @DrexelUniv launches venture capital fund 
\joshk- Today's #FirstRoundReview post features lessons learned by @bazaarbrett: You aren’t born knowing how to be a CEO: 
\joshk- A belated congratulations to @msuster on the closing/rebranding of @upfrontvc. #Respect 
\joshk- "Humans hate 2 things: being lied to &amp; being spun" in new #FirstRoundReview post The Woman behind the Netflix Culture 
\joshk- Excited to announce the launch of First Round Review - a new publication for tech entrepreneurs. More info here: 
\joshk- Great video by @Firstround company @SolveMedia on the "Most Effective Mobile Ad Platform in Existence". 
\joshk- Great post by @phineasb: A start-up is about doing EVERYTHING before you are ready 
\joshk- Why First Round Capital invested in a satellite company: 
\joshk- Good @phillydotcom editorial (but lousy title) on efforts by @michael_nutter &amp; @PIDCphila to support Philly startups 
\joshk- Cool to see #FRC company @AxialCo on @Bloomberg introducing their platform connecting business owners with capital: 
\joshk- Thanks @richsedmak I'm a big fan of @StartupCorps. Really impressed w the kid's businesses. thanks for the cake! 
\joshk- Congrats to @apugupta and @nshiftan (and the entire @Curalate team) for winning the Philly Entrepreneur of the Year award!!! 
\joshk- Great insight from @kgale in today's @Firstround Review. The one cost engineers and product managers don't consider: 
\joshk- New post on @Firstround Review - When a new feature is coded, who decides that it's ready to go live?: 
\joshk- Winning team from the first @Firstround hack day. #HackingVC 
\joshk- Super excited for the first #FRCHackDay. The whole @firstround team working to hack vc. 
\joshk- My dad encouraged my creativity and entrepreneurship. I'm honored to be included in @EdGrapeNutZimm's @WSJ story. 
\joshk- .#FRCReview on @natsturner's process to find ideas: 90% of feedback is crap: how to find the next big startup idea 
\joshk- Great NYTimes story on @Upstart this weekend: A Financial Backer When a Parent’s Wallet Isn’t an Option #FRC 
\joshk- Latest article in the @Firstround review: Culture isn’t kumbaya stuff: 
\joshk- This Philly Startup Wants To Transform The Way Brands Use Pinterest And Instagram 
\joshk- The key to scale: letting go of customers and partners: 
\joshk- Watching the news re the Philly building collapse - a few blocks away from @Firstround's office. Hope everyone is OK 
\joshk- Congrats to Michael Hagan and the entire @LSHomeSecurity team on the sale of LifeShield to DirectTV - #FRC 
\joshk- Excited that @Firstround invested in @Thalmic Labs. They're building products that would make Tony Stark jealous! 
\joshk- .@Firstround company @Curalate has figured out which photos perform best on Pinterest. #BigData 
\joshk- Check out @wileycerilli's letter to the @firstround community after the exit of @SinglePlatform. Dear startup CEOs: 
\joshk- There have been 21M copies of The Godfather book printed. And just 21M bitcoins as well. Coincidence? Discuss.. 
\joshk- The end of an era. Professor Len Lodish announces his retirement at @Wharton 
\joshk- Watching @ahawkinson demo @smartthings at #D11 #crushingit! 
\joshk- Great to see @mlevchin launch @glowhq at #d11. Check out his talk from the #FRC CEO Summit on how he hires engineers 
\joshk- .@ahawkinson @smartthings Good luck! 
\joshk- Great blog post by @Dunn on why "E-Commerce is a Bear" -- and the 4 strategies to deal with Amazon's incumbancy 
\joshk- Great new story in @Firstround library: Asana’s Head of Talent on the secrets to finding a great startup recruiter: 
\joshk- .@SenToomey &amp; @SenBobCasey: #iMarch b/c #PA needs creative talent from around the world: #immigration #iMarch #VC #vc 
\joshk- #iMarch b/c we need #immigration reform to remain the most entrepreneurial nation in the world: #iMarch #VC 
\joshk- #iMarch for #immigration reform b/c my cofounder at was an immigrant &amp; the company would have failed without him 
\joshk- Congrats to @angusdav and @Swipely on their $12M Series B financing! 
\joshk- Congrats to Philly-based @RJMetrics on raising $6.25M from @trinityventures #PhillyRising 
\joshk- Aaron Levie of Box on How to Scale 10x as a CEO and Build a Billion Dollar Business: 
\joshk- Lessons from Pixar: Why Software Developers should be Story Tellers: 
\joshk- OK its pretty clear I have a "You Know" problem. 34 "You Knows" in this 5 min video. Maybe I should switch to "Ummm" 
\joshk- Great stuff from @SourJayne at @TrueandCompany! The Four-Step Design Process for Building Product Customers Will Love 
\joshk- Zach Sims of Codecademy (YC S11) on figuring out how to hire for the first time: 
\joshk- Announcing @FirstRound's launch of the @DormRoomFund in the Bay Area-- with $500K and a 10-student investment team 
\joshk- How design thinking transformed @Airbnb from a failing startup to a billion dollar business: 
\joshk- What Scott Cook Wished He Knew About Being a CEO When He Founded Intuit: -- new story by @Firstround 
\joshk- Head Designer of Mint on Why Great Design isn’t about Making Things Pretty: 
\joshk- Great lunch w @michael_nutter in NYC with a bunch of "Phillly Alumni" cc: @davegilboa @scottbecker @neilblumenthal 
\joshk- Excited to be joining Mayor @Michael_Nutter in NYC today to talk w/ VCs and entrepreneurs about #Philly #startups &amp; investment #StartupPHL 
\joshk- Congrats to @Mashery on sale to @Intel! Check out our thoughts and "Exit Interview" w @Michels 
\joshk- Clever way to get someone's attention. @chargeitspot delivers 150 sheet cakes to Philly businesses. 
\joshk- Clever way to get someone's attention. @chargeitspot delivers 150 sheet cakes to Philly businesses. 
\joshk- Packed house at the 2013 @monetate #agilitysummit 
\joshk- Amazing growth at @Swipely: Now processing payments at a rate of $500M per year- 90 days ago it at a rate of $250M! 
\joshk- Anyone know a good, lightweight SaaS tool for conducting 360 feedback inside a company? 
\joshk- Congrats to @Firstround company @SavingStar on their $9M funding round led by American Express 
\joshk- Congrats to @firstround company @kiwicrate on acquiring Wonder Box! 
\joshk- Nice @Firstround library post on @Brezina's views on rapid app development techniques: 
\joshk- Great story on Philly-based @DuckDuckGo and it's founder @Yegg! via @neowinfeed 
\joshk- Catching up on some great blog posts by @glennsolomon on his GoingLong blog 
\joshk- Super excited for the launch of #FRC company @MangoHealth today. Download the app here 
\joshk- Nice @NYTimes coverage of @Firstround's @DormRoomFund. #BeAFounder 
\joshk- Huge news for #FRC company @FundersClub from the #SEC. #Validating! 
\joshk- Check out @timwestergren's talk from @Firstround CEO Summit on lessons from near dot com bust to billion dollar IPO: 
\joshk- Nice guest post by @chrisfralic on The Art of the Email Introduction: 10 Rules for Emailing Busy People in @Forbes 
\joshk- New story in the @Firstround library -- Rands on how to make meetings suck less 
\joshk- Hard at work at @firstround Philadelphia. My new personal best Skee Ball record... 
\joshk- Congrats to Philly-based @PeopleLinx for raising $3M from 3 great firms: @OsageVP, @GreycroftVC, &amp; @MissionOG 
\joshk- New blog post - Six months in Philly. Super excited to be working on #StartupPHL. 
\joshk- Spreading Disruption, Shaking Up Cable TV - Good profile of @AereoTV 
\joshk- Cool party. They're setting lawyers on fire! Cc: @cjaustin 
\joshk- New post from @FirstRound CEO Summit: @Rabois's views on the role of a COO, how to hire and why transparency matters. 
\joshk- Really good post by @ceonyc. Tips for the Kiddie Table: What to do when you didn't make that list or get that invite 
\joshk- 7 years ago this week that I started blogging. Here's my first post - . #IReallyShouldStartBloggingMore 
\joshk- New article in the @Firstround Library: Why Every Startup Should Pair Program: 
\joshk- Just two hours left to apply for @DormRoomFund NYC Investment Team! 9pmET deadline to join student venture fund: 
\joshk- The sign that I've been riding in too many @uber cars: when I take a taxi and get out without paying the driver. 
\joshk- Excited to announce @Firstround's two most recent investments: @WeShakeOnIt and @LookerData 
\joshk- If you live in SF and are looking for an entry-level job at a VC firm -- look no further! @Firstround is hiring... 
\joshk- Today I joined the #MarchForInnovation. Join our coalition for entrepreneurial #immigration reform now. 
\joshk- Very classy! @Fab stops sending you emails you don’t read, without waiting for you to unsubscribe... 
\joshk- Join our team! @Firstround is Hiring: Platform Experience and Operations Manager 
\joshk- Brand new post in the @Firstround library: "Why @Yammer Believes the Traditional Engineering Org Structure Is Dead" 
\joshk- Excited to announce @FirstRound launches @DormRoomFund in NYC! Student run venture for student run companies. Apply: 
\joshk- Here is the great talk that @BazaarBrett gave on his journey from Founder to CEO at @Firstround CEO Summit this week 
\joshk- Thrilled to continue to invest in @OnDeckCapital - connecting Main Street w/ $$$ #TheyAreQuietlyBecomingAHugeNYCStartup 
\joshk- Lessons From @Uber: Why Innovation And Regulation Don't Mix via @Forbes: 
\joshk- Marketing on @Pinterest &amp; @Instagram? @Curalate's Mktg Without Words Conference (2/20 in NYC) Free tix w/ code mwwfrc 
\joshk- Excited to see @ModCloth launching an app. 
\joshk- How Etsy Grew their Number of Female Engineers by Almost 500% in 1 Year (from a talk @kellan gave at our CTO Summit) 
\joshk- On Civilized Discourse... cc: @codinghorror 
\joshk- Super excited to be working with @CodingHorror on Discourse as they re-invent online forums! #FRC 
\joshk- So @FredWilson spoke at @wharton this AM about being contrarian. I'm speaking there now - if I give the same advice, is it not contrarian? 
\joshk- . @Backupify announces new developer program &amp; API making it easy for SaaS applications to add backup capabilities 
\joshk- #FRC company @Docracy launches tool to track changes in Terms of Service &amp; Privacy Policies for hundreds of websites. 
\joshk- Thrilled to see @Curalate grow - but sad that they're almost outgrowing @Firstrounds office. Whos gonna move in next? 
\joshk- Congrats to @Fab on #Crunchie for best E-Commerce Application! And to @WarbyParker &amp; @HotelTonight on their nomination 
\joshk- Excited to be interviewed by @Sarahcuda at PandoMonthly NYC 2/7. But did she really have to create the animated gif?? 
\joshk- Sports-betting game @FanhoodSports prepares for expansion as Super Bowl and March Madness approach #FRC 
\joshk- Ticketmaster makes online 'CAPTCHA' puzzles easier using @SolveMedia - #FRC 
\joshk- Exiting news: @DrexelUniv to launch entrepreneurship school #GoodForPhilly 
\joshk- Please sign the petition! Colorado PUC: Don't Shut Down Uber...and Withdraw Proposed Rules Changes! via @change 
\joshk- Interesting stats at @Dell's #SmallBizPhilly event - 75% of Philly small business don't plan on hiring in 2013 
\joshk- The @Seesaw team just announced the opportunity to reserve usernames. Claim yours now: 
\joshk- Looking forward to participating in #Dell's #smallbizphilly event tomorrow -- and spending time with @sjfeliceatdell. 
\joshk- I get why @AmtrakNEC made it easier for computers to read their tickets. But did they have to make it harder for humans to read them? 
\joshk- Great story on Philly-founded @TicketLeap and @ChrisStanchak! 
\joshk- How To Work A Conference -- No one does it better than @ChrisFRC! 
\joshk- I'm often asked how we make our annual #FRC holiday video. Check out our making of video here Staring @BrettBerson 
\joshk- Great @WSJ interview with @TravisK of @Uber: "The regulatory systems in place disincentivize innovation" #FRC 
\joshk- New Blog Post on Redeye VC: Looking back at 2012 and our 2012 Annual Report at #FRC 
\joshk- Boom! @AppNexus Raises $75 Million in Funding to Accelerate Rapid Growth - Congrats to @bokelley and team! #FRC 
\joshk- Good @TechnicallyPHL story on @Curalate: Visual Analytics Startup Raises $3M, still committed to Philly: #FRC 
\joshk- More proof of why @AngusDav of @Swipely is the scrappiest entrepreneur I know 
\joshk- Despite a Series A crunch, theres no Series C+ crunch. #FRC cos @Billfloat gets $21M &amp; @Openx $22M 
\joshk- I support the NYC Schools Gap App Challenge! #gapapp @innovatenycedu." 
\joshk- Super-excited about our investment in Flatiron Health. Thrilled to be working with @natsturner &amp; @zachweinberg again! 
\joshk- Wow. I posted a pothole on @Philly311 &amp; it was fixed in 4 days! @PhiladelphiaGov @PublicStuff FTW! 
\joshk- Proving The Value Of Crowdfunding, @Soldsie Raises $425K And Hires One Of 72 Investors using @FundersClub - #FRC 
\joshk- Cool to see Philly (and #FRC) company @Relayit powering the mobile messaging app for @IBX 
\joshk- Please help support #DemandAPlan, add a #Twibbon now! 
\joshk- Great story on @BloombergTV with @DeirdreBolton, @Michael_Nutter &amp; @DanShipper about @StartupPHL and Philly startups! 
\joshk- It's here - the First Round Capital 2012 Holiday Video 
\joshk- Keep an eye on #FRC company @Swipely! "Swipely hits its stride combining payments, analytics and loyalty" via @GigaOm 
\joshk- Can you all please stop tweeting for 3 hours? I'm trying to focus on my inbox -- and you are distracting me.. 
\joshk- First Round Debuts A ‘Common Application’ For Student Engineers To Find Jobs At Portfolio Companies via @TechCrunch 
\joshk- Student Engineers: Apply to work at 170+ startups with @Firstround's Common Application #JoinAStartup 
\joshk- Great blog post by @codinghorror on Web Discussions: Flat by Design 
\joshk- #FRC company @onekingslane is crushing it, doubling revenues to $200M &amp; raising $50M. Congrats to @dougmack and team. 
\joshk- Brett Hurt @bazaarbrett founder of Coremetrics, co-founder of @Bazaarvoice is blogging! A must-read for entrepreneurs! 
\joshk- That awkward moment when an intern walks into a glass wall thinking it's a door and you don't know whether to laugh or not... 
\joshk- Great story on Philly company @RevZilla in today's @PhillyInquirer - Congrats @AnthonyBucci #PhillyRising 
\joshk- Why First Round Capital funded a lawsuit #Justice 
\joshk- The Dorm Room Fund is open for business in Philadelphia via @phineasb 
\joshk- Just read @EdGrapeNutZimm's latest column for the WSJ. He's killing it! 
\joshk- At the Goldman Sachs private Internet company conference it's entertaining to see all the CEOs show charts without numbers/metrics. 
\joshk- Blackstone LaunchPad: $3M investment in student entrepreneur training program with @UCScienceCenter @PhillyRising 
\joshk- It had to happen. @SmartThings is the first @Kickstarter project I backed that @Firstround invested in 
\joshk- Excited that @DanShipper's @UseFirefly is the 1st company in @DormRoomFundPHL's portfolio. The battle for mayor of @firstround Philly is on! 
\joshk- Here are the 11 members of @DormRoomFundPHL’s investment team (http://t.co/AHkgYOAY) and their first deal (@UseFirefly) 
\joshk- Sad I missed the #FRC field trip today. Our NYC team took 12+ portfolio sales execs to see Glengarry Glen Ross on Broadway. #AlwaysBeClosing 
\joshk- Great data on how the iPad is driving e-commerce from @Monetate #FRC 
\joshk- Great Black-Friday weekend data from the most transparent CEO in the ECommerce, @Fab's @betashop 
\joshk- Happy Cyber Monday! Check out these 25 exclusive offers/deals from the @Firstround portfolio - 
\joshk- Great blog post by @msuster on the difference between Thinkers, Planners and Doers. 
\joshk- Today jury finds @BestBuy guilty of willful/malicious theft of @TechforwardInc's trade secrets and awards $22M + punitive damages! #Justice 
\joshk- ~ 2yrs ago @BestBuy crushed our portfolio company @TechForwardInc by stealing trade secrets and Tech Forward sued... 
\joshk- Congrats to our own @PhineasB for his recognition as a "2012 Tech Insurgent" (Isn't the Insurgent a Nike sneaker BTW?) 
\joshk- Good luck to the Philly #mayorschallenge team today at @BloombergDotOrg. More info at #StartupPHL 
\joshk- Me to CEO: "So what are you guys building??? It's been a 6 months and you haven't shipped a beta yet." Him: "We're building suspense." 
\joshk- Nice to meet with @RoseAnnBRosenth this morning. Twenty years ago @BFTP_SEP funded my first startup when no one else would. 
\joshk- The Difference Between Facebook and Twitter Marketing | Swipely via @swipely 
\joshk- Bloomberg Philanthropies names Philadelphia incubator (@GoodCoGroup) a finalist in $5M Mayors Challenge. #PhillyRising 
\joshk- Nice Forbes profile on Kynetic (and former GSI) CEO Michael Rubin - 
\joshk- Join Monetate &amp; Etsy for a DevOps Talk on 11/15 6:00pm @FirstRound's Philly office. Limited space - sign up here: 
\joshk- Great to see @DrexelUniv announce "Drexel Ventures" -- a new fund based in Philadelphia. #PhillyRising 
\joshk- Looking forward to the demos @Philly_Tech meetup. 
\joshk- New Blog Post - Telling the First Round Capital story... 
\joshk- New Blog Post - Welcoming Bill Trenchard 
\joshk- First Round Capital Beefs Up (Its Partners and Software) - Digits - WSJ 
\joshk- Excited to announce that @btrenchard has joined @Firstround as a partner AND a new #FRC website 
\joshk- Hosting a tech talk exclusively for engineers in Philly on 11/12 by @lrajlich (the co-creator/former CTO of Farmville) 
\joshk- Not sure if I should be proud that I made this list of serial entrepreneurs "you've never heard of" #FRC 
\joshk- Who's winning the @Pinterest Election? #FRC company @Curalate looks at the numbers. 
\joshk- Great message from @Michael_Nutter to entrepreneurs: "We're with you. We've got your back..." 
\joshk- Boom! Here we go. #StartupPHL 
\joshk- Waiting for @michael_nutter to announce @StartupPHL. Exciting times in Philly! #StartupPHL 
\joshk- Waiting for @michael_nutter to announce @StartupPHL. Exciting times in Philly! #StartupPHL 
\joshk- Into design? Check out our Design+Startup event w/ speakers from @Facebook, @Dropbox, @Quora and @Flipboard 
\joshk- Very cool office warming present from @VisitPhilly!! 
\joshk- I couldn't make the @Philly100 Awards tonight -- so I'm sitting at home hitting refresh on #philly100 to see where @Monetate ranks... #FRC 
\joshk- Excited to see the Mayor put so much importance on supporting startups and entrepreneurs in Philadelphia! #ticketleap 
\joshk- Great interview with Michelle Lam of @trueandcompany on @NBCbayarea last night - #FRC 
\joshk- Just heard about Brett Bullington's (@brett603) accident as he biked cross country for @CFK. Hes in my thoughts/prayers 
\joshk- Great to see @Green4Philly pushing Philly to keep up with the Internet! #ProBrowserChoice #BrowserEquality 
\joshk- Great post by @cdixon on "Regulatory Hacks". He articulately explains #FRC's investment thesis in @AereoTV and @Uber 
\joshk- Announcing our latest experiment: hackPR – a New Way for Startups and the Press to Connect #FRC 
\joshk- Fanhood enters the sports-betting game fray on Facebook from @VentureBeat #FRC 
\joshk- Reviewing applications for The Dorm Room Fund Investment Committee and I'm blown away by the creativity &amp; intelligence of today's students!! 
\joshk- I'm at Black-Eyed Susan's (Nantucket, MA) 
\joshk- I'm at The Nantucket Project (Nantucket, MA) 
\joshk- Grover Norquist is speaking at #tnp2012 later this afternoon. Anyone have any good questions I should ask him? 
\joshk- Strong lineup of speakers. Looking forward to catching up with @peterthiel, @vwadhwa and @ericschmidt. 
\joshk- Excited for the start of #tnp2012 @Nantucketproj 
\joshk- Cool to see 9 @firstround companies on the 2012 @SAI "Digital 100" list #FRC 
\joshk- Awesome talk from @kellan CTO of Etsy at First Round Capital CTO Summit "Recruiting Women Engineers" #FRC 
\joshk- Here we go. Going into San Quentin to speak at @TLM 
\joshk- Incredibly touching post by @CodingHorror (Somebody is to Blame for This ). Very timely, as I have jury duty next week 
\joshk- Does anyone know how SF's "Prop E" will impact ecommerce and payments companies who operate in the city? 
\joshk- Excited to be speaking at San Quentin Prison at @TLM tomorrow. 
\joshk- INFOGRAPHIC: The Bot Stops Here via @SolveMedia 
\joshk- Penn students launch @VenturePact. They apply a VC model, but provide product development instead of capital. See 
\joshk- Stopped by @venturef0rth today -- some great stuff happening there. Philly's lucky to have them! 
\joshk- via @phillydotcom Dorm Room Fund will finance Philly student start-ups 
\joshk- Excited to announce the launch of our first @DormRoomFund - #FRC 
\joshk- Cool to see @Fab’s first television advertisement, “touched” - via @betashop #FRC 
\joshk- Where was this when I was a kid??? Very cool interactive book on Space for kids from @KIDS_DISCOVER 
\joshk- A big shout out to @mikebrandpro and @LafayetteHills for doing such a great job on our Start Up Philadelphia video! 
\joshk- KE-TV: Philadelphia's Startup Avalanche Has Begun 
\joshk- All of us @Firstround are thrilled to move our office into Philly. Here's a video showing why #PhillySoaring 
\joshk- Congrats to @Kidzui on their sale to Saban Brands - #FRC 
\joshk- Putting the finishing touches on @Firstround's new office space at @Penn... #FRC 
\joshk- Excited to work with Facebook to launch Hack+Startup in NYC Oct 11 at @brooklynbeta . Sign up here - 
\joshk- With the number of stories about "Kickstarter risk", its only a matter of time before someone offers Kicksurance. 
\joshk- First! (@ First Round Capital: Philadelphia) 
\joshk- Excited to welcome Perceptual Networks to the @Firstround portfolio...and to Philadelphia #FRC 
\joshk- Hanging out @PennApps. Huge turnout!! (@ Houston Hall w/ 12 others) [pic]: 
\joshk- I'm at Quorum (Philadelphia, PA) 
\joshk- Excited to speak on the @phillychamber Regional Spotlight panel this morning. (@ Macy's) 
\joshk- Congrats to @wilreynolds on winning the "Small Business Person of the Year" from @PhillyChamber 
\joshk- The @Philly311 mobile app is live! Download it here: Developed by #FRC company @PublicStuff. 
\joshk- Stats: I tweeted twice about #FRC internship. Our job posting received 1700 views (850/tweet). We received 55 applications (3.2% conversion) 
\joshk- I just spent 2 hrs installing @Tivo Stream. Called tech support to learn that they sent me a faulty box. Sounds like I'm not the only one... 
\joshk- It's been a while since I took the Friday night redeye... #FeelingOld 
\joshk- I have a portfolio company looking for a consultant to help with Youtube channel creation/promotion. If you can help, please @ message me. 
\joshk- Watch the video to see five design tools/tips from @beau at @square that he could not live without #FRC 
\joshk- Its now much easier to get to @SXSW, @CivitasLearning &amp; @Bazaarvoice RT @USAirways New daily, non-stop service from Philadelphia to Austin 
\joshk- Just ordered my Tivo Stream. 
\joshk- Happy to be hosting the next Philly Open Angel Forum at our new offices. Raising money? Apply here: #FRC #OAF 
\joshk- Hey @Penn, @WhartonEntrep and @DrexelUniv students - Just one more day to apply to be an intern at @Firstround! #FRC 
\joshk- Hey @Penn, @WhartonEntrep and @DrexelUniv students - @Firstround is looking for a wicked-smart Philly intern! @FRC 
\joshk- Internet Explorer by Day, Safari by Night via @Monetate #FRC 
\joshk- Both @fredwilson &amp; @davemcclure diss "VCs in suits" this week. Do any VCs actually wear suits?? 
\joshk- Wow! My @uber arrived in 30 seconds this morning. Faster than my elevator ride downstairs! 
\joshk- Congrats to @apugupta, @nshiftan &amp; the entire @curalate team on winning startup of the year at the #PhillyGeekAwards cc: @Geekadelphia #FRC 
\joshk- Congrats to @apugupta, @nshiftan &amp; the entire @curalate team on winning startup of the year at the #PhillyGeekAwards cc: @Geekadelphia #FRC 
\joshk- Congrats to @kortina and @iqram on @venmo's sale to Braintree. Add it to my woulda coulda shoulda list... 
\joshk- Thank you @Michael_Nutter! I'm thrilled to be moving @Firstround's HQ to Philly! #PhillyRising 
\joshk- Excited to move @Firstround's PA office from the burbs to Philly. Here's Why: cc @Michael_Nutter @PhiladelphiaGov #FRC 
\joshk- Killer data on Ecommerce Conversion Rates in @Monetate's Q2 Report Download the full report here 
\joshk- Great blog post by @phineasb on the dangers of "coasting to the finish". #FRC 
\joshk- Excited to welcome to the @Firstround family! A new source of risk capital for students. #FRC 
\joshk- Boom. @Starbucks now accepting @Square! 
\joshk- Excited to welcome FundersClub to the @FirstRound portfolio. Disrupting angel investing $1,000 at a time. #FRC 
\joshk- New Blog Post: Welcoming Mango Health 
\joshk- FundersClub Lets (Almost) Anyone Invest in Start-ups #FRC 
\joshk- Watching the #London2012 #OpeningCeremomy. My 8 year old asked "Dad, who is the old lady in the pink?" 
\joshk- Super excited to be an investor in FundersClub! #FRC 
\joshk- Super excited to be an investor in FundersClub #FRC 
\joshk- Congrats to @ManuKumar and @KirstenaGreen on their new funds! 
\joshk- Great post by @phineasb on the importance of creating a culture that "honors the assist" 
\joshk- 10 yrs ago I made one of my first angel investments in a co called @FiveBelow. Today they IPO! Congrats to David S, Tom V &amp; the entire team 
\joshk- Congratulations to the whole team at @Outright on their acquisition by @GoDaddy #FRC (tip @Techmeme) 
\joshk- Just learned about @SunnyTrail -- very cool service. I blogged about doing this back in 2006. 
\joshk- Congrats to #FRC community members @SusanGKoger, @YoungBradford and @TedR for making @PandoDaily's High Tech Fashionista list. 
\joshk- Very cool that @WarbyParker is opening a flagship retail store in SoHo #FRC 
\joshk- Video of #FRC Founder @ginab talking about building social software to make people's lives better 
\joshk- Watching Courier v Chang (@ Bank of the West Classic w/ 7 others) [pic]: 
\joshk- Yes! @AereoTV:1 TV Networks:0. Judge says media companies case is "unlikely to succeed". Miles to go but a good start! 
\joshk- Which one's the pig? (with @edgrapenutzimm at #VCrushSV) 
\joshk- I just backed OUYA: A New Kind of Video Game Console on @Kickstarter 
\joshk- Great post by @phineasb on subscription commerce. #frc 
\joshk- Amazing to see how fast @firstround's Design+Startup event in SF w/ @ideo filled up. Now taking names for a waitlist. 
\joshk- I'm at Nantucket Main Street (Nantucket, MA) w/ 4 others [pic]: 
\joshk- I'm at The Juice Bar (Nantucket, MA) 
\joshk- Feeling a lot of pressure to make my 2,000th tweet interesting... 
\joshk- This quarter's Ecommerce Report from #FRC company @Monetate is full of juicy stats. Get it free here #WorthReading 
\joshk- Very cool NY stealth startup looking for a super-smart and super-scrappy “chief of staff” to help get stuff done. @ Reply if interested… 
\joshk- Great piece on the @todayshow about @TrueAndCompany! #FRC 
\joshk- Good News: I made my train from NYC to PHL. Bad News: I have the key to the men's room at #FRC NY in my pocket. 
\joshk- Ironic that @JVReemer21 wrote about 2 brothers playing on same team just before he was traded for @Schenn_Luke. #Flyers 
\joshk- Congrats @dbrussin on winning the E&amp;Y Entrepreneur of The Year Award!! So proud to be an investor in @monetate! #PhillyEOY #FRC 
\joshk- Ex-Googlers Launch @MightyText - "iMessage for Android" with 250k beta users #android #frc 
\joshk- Wishing there was a @TaskRabbit in Hershey Park to take my boy on the upside down, loop-de-loop roller coaster. #NoWayInHellImRidingThat 
\joshk- Some amazing data on @Pinterest's impact on E-commerce from a report by #FRC company @Monetate 
\joshk- Great to see @Orrick put over 20 Startup Legal Docs (employment, confidentiality, etc) on @Docracy for free! #FRC 
\joshk- Looking for job in the #philly #startup community? Come to @getUncubed on 6/21/12 
\joshk- Check out @wileycerilli's "exit interview" video. A great entrepreneur! #FRC cc: @SinglePlatform 
\joshk- Hey Internets: I'm begging you. Please make a better viral video than the Call Me Maybe spoofs in the next 5 months. #NeedAFRCHolidayVideo 
\joshk- Congrats to Lance Tokuda and the @Schoolfeed team on their sale to $UNTD #FRC 
\joshk- Caught the ferry with 2 min to spare after driving from Logan airport to Hyannis when my flights to #ack2012 were cancelled. Can't wait! 
\joshk- Uber is live in Philadelphia! Philadelphia Business Journal story here - #FRC 
\joshk- Congrats to @natsturner &amp; @zachweinberg. Can't wait until your next adventure! 
\joshk- Welcome to Philly @Uber !!! 
\joshk- Watching @TravisK launch @Uber_Philly 
\joshk- Excited to join the board of Philly @StartupLeaders! 
\joshk- Great infographic from @Monetate: Shopping Cart Abandonment and Tips To Avoid It #FRC 
\joshk- Memorial Day parade on Nantucket Island. 
\joshk- I'm at The Juice Bar (Nantucket, MA) 
\joshk- I'm going to After Infonautics: A Generation of Startups! See you there! 
\joshk- Love @arrington's new name badge #TCDISRUPT 
\joshk- Excited to be at the #NFTE business plan competition. (@ SAP America (NSQ) w/ 11 others) 
\joshk- From @Curalate: Just 15% of a brand's engagement on @Pinterest is via the brand's boards. 85% originated by users! #FRC 
\joshk- I predict $ 143,258,735,607 as the Facebook IPO day closing valuation 
\joshk- This tweet is not about Facebook... #EveryOtherTweetTodayWas 
\joshk- How big is your brand on @Pinterest? Use @Curalate to find out! Watch their new video here... #FRC 
\joshk- Congratulations to @YouSendit for landing @bgarlinghouse -- he's awesome!!! 
\joshk- Great 6 min. video on choosing co-founders and building a team -- featuring the founders of @birchbox and @WarbyParker 
\joshk- Get out much??? In just 16 months, #FRC company @Inspirato surpasses 10,000 vacation nights in member stays! 
\joshk- Guess What? What you do on Quora, Github, Twitter &amp; Meetup creates a great "implicit resume" on @TalentBinHiring #FRC 
\joshk- Congrats to #FRC company @Curalate on a successful pivot into a Pinterest Marketing Platform 
\joshk- Congrats to @Modcloth on their financing from @NorwestVP. Welcome aboard @VCJosh! #FRC 
\joshk- Are you in Philly for @Penn graduation/reunion weekend? Take an @Uber this weekend and get $26 off!! #FRC 
\joshk- Are you a tech recruiter in the #sfbay? Join #frc and @talentbin for our Recruiter Meetup Don't miss out - 
\joshk- Watching @kevinryan share his wisdom with the #FRC community at today's @Firstround town hall. 
\joshk- Well said @Bijan! Is 20k installs per day the new norm? 
\joshk- New Blog Post. New Fund. New Partners. Same Strategy. Congrats to @phineasb and @kentgoldman! #FRC 
\joshk- Psyched that @PhiladelphiaGov chose @PublicStuffCom to launch their new 311 app!! cc: @michael_nutter @RichNegrin #FRC 
\joshk- Yo! Getting around Philly just got much better as @Uber hits the city - and I got to be Rider Zero! #FRC @Uber_Philly 
\joshk- Great post by @phineasb -- Mobile is the 99% #FRC 
\joshk- Recruiting takes a big step forward today. Check out @readyforce beta 
\joshk- . @abrams @siberianfruit Here are some more 
\joshk- Almost game time! #letsgoflyers 
\joshk- Excited to be judging #SwitchPhilly with @Michael_Nutter at #phillytechweek 
\joshk- OH: "I never lost money making a profit" 
\joshk- Great story in @TechnicallyPHL on Philadelphia's @UCScienceCenter! 
\joshk- Very cool to see #FRC company @Gumroad lowering fees to empower microtransactions... 
\joshk- It's always great when good things happen to good people. Congrats to @davidhornik on Splunk IPO and to @standers on Instragram sale... 
\joshk- Congrats to @ManikSingh & the @Threadflip team on their launch! Super-excited to be an investor! Check it out! #FRC 
\joshk- It is loud in here!!! #PostSeasonHockey #LetsGoFlyers 
\joshk- I LOVE dinners with @EdGrapenutZimm 
\joshk- Amazing #Flyers game! 
\joshk- Excited to welcome @JackLeidlein as @Firstround's new Head of Talent #FRC 
\joshk- Looking for NYC office space? #FRC is moving to bigger NYC offices and we're subletting our old office on Union Square 
\joshk- My iPhone has shown me that I have a talented butt, since it seems to call folks in SF at 5am PST at least once a week. cc: @robhayes 
\joshk- Nice story in @Forbes on #FRC company @Yummly. "Yummly Poised to Become the Billion Dollar Digital Kitchen Platform" 
\joshk- Waiting for @danprimack, @blodget and @pkedrosky to tell me where my latest blog post is wrong... 
\joshk- New Blog Post: Unintended Consequences 
\joshk- Why @jeff @jcal7 @jasonmendelson and I support the JOBS Act 
\joshk- Can't wait until the NCAA tournament gets to the next round, so we can get our #firstround hashtag back #FRC 
\joshk- So @Britannica stops printing after 244 yrs. The @NYTimes celebrates its 244th yr in 2095. Anyone think their print edition lasts to then? 
\joshk- My wife's @Birchbox arrived at the house today. 8 yr old reads the label and yells "Mom, your bitchbox is here". #StillLearningToRead #FRC 
\joshk- The cookies here smell incredible. (@ Levain Bakery w/ 5 others) 
\joshk- After weeks of travel, looking forward to spending some time at home -- trading SXSW startup parties for kids birthday parties. #NXNE 
\joshk- Great piece on @nielr1 - the "Johnny Appleseed" of startups. Well deserved! via @sai 
\joshk- Congress almost motivated me to grow a mustache! 
\joshk- Great talk from @SusanCain from last week's #TED about the power of introverts cc: @bfeld 
\joshk- At #SingularityU (@ Fox Studios) 
\joshk- Can you endorse me for "vc"? 
\joshk- New Blog Post: Brett Berson - Turning a Portfolio into a Community... 
\joshk- Now that's an entrepreneur! Shoeshine guy outside #TED with "TEDPED - Shoes Worth Shining" sign 
\joshk- Boom! $BV #FRC 
\joshk- Bobrovski is in goal at the flyers wives carnival. They pulled Bryzgalov because too many kids were scoring on him. #Flyershumor 
\joshk- Watching the @WarbyParker guys mesmorize the Wharton Entrepreneurial Dinner audience w their story. #FRC 
\joshk- Great move by @BainCapVC & @GreycroftVC to add @mattcharris & @bopeabody. Great guys! I've loved working w/ them and hope to continue to... 
\joshk- You think 140 characters is cool? How about the chance to intern at 1 of 140 @FirstRound companies with 1 application? 
\joshk- Just a few seats left for the 'Design + Startup' event by @Firstround & @IDEO. This Thursday 2/16 in NYC. Signup here: 
\joshk- Website Testing Wins: Does Paypal Pay Off? via @AddThis 
\joshk- And the case just settled -- my focus group is over! 
\joshk- Jury duty is a great way to do a focus group - out of my panel of 50 people, no one has heard of Pinterest, Foursquare,Uber or Square... 
\joshk- Please don't pick me! (Jury Duty) (@ Montgomery County Courthouse) 
\joshk- New sign in the @firstround kitchen, courtesy of 
\joshk- Playing around with Voxer - seems like it turns your iPhone into a walkie-talkie that lets you talk with other VCs... 
\joshk- It had to be done -- and @davidhornik was the perfect person to do it. Well done David! Sh#t VCs Say 
\joshk- . @Firstround is looking for a new Executive Assistant in our Philadelphia area office. Interested? Info here - #FRC 
\joshk- Partners cooked breakfast for the #FRC team today. 
\joshk- Waitress to @shervin "how much did they pay u to put those logos in your hair". His answer "I paid them!" [pic]: 
\joshk- Great infographic about Pinterest's growing role in ecommerce referral from @ Monetate (an #FRC company) tip @techmeme 
\joshk- Hey @mokoyfman, congrats on making partner!! 
\joshk- Users spent over 250 million hours playing on @Roblox last year. #FRC 
\joshk- The faculty of Penn MKSE is now tweeting at @pennmkse. I think they're one of the most innovative programs at @UofPenn. Follow them now! 
\joshk- I need a good quality, fast networked color laser printer that works well w Macs and PCs. Anyone have any suggestions? 
\joshk- Amazing "Annual Report" from #FRC company @WarbyParker. 
\reidhoffman- Meet the entrepreneur who convinced me to buy #bitcoin, my friend Wences Casares of @Xapo. He proves the theory: Wh… 
\reidhoffman- Excited to publish the Blitzscaling toolkit! Thanks to @codahq for helping turn the book… 
\reidhoffman- . @macfound’s #100andChange competition to find high-impact solutions to big global challenges produced 100s of com… 
\reidhoffman- Kudos to Oklo on this recognition, and more importantly for impressive scientific advances toward new clean energy… 
\reidhoffman- “Keep a learning mindset. Be a learn-it-all, versus a know-it-all.” On the new @MastersofScale I answer questions… 
\reidhoffman- Welcome! Look forward to the journey ahead, everything from Greymatter to many new interesting threads on entrepre… 
\reidhoffman- What’s a recipe to achieve massive scale? Three words: Be a platform. Build a virtuous cycle where everyone wins, a… 
\reidhoffman- I often say entrepreneurship is like jumping off a cliff and assembling an airplane on the way down. But what if… 
\reidhoffman- An amazing journey that continues as it evolves with @jeffweiner and @ryros! 
\reidhoffman- Glad to see @ansanelli and @gladly joining the podcast world! This is will be very useful to help customer service… 
\reidhoffman- Honored to be recognized alongside such esteemed company by @UniOulu: 
\reidhoffman- "Many leaders act like a surveillance satellite, observing from the cold, lofty depths of space. But when a crisis… 
\reidhoffman- "Will we be extremists for hate or for love? Will we be extremists for the preservation of injustice or for the ext… 
\reidhoffman- How do we as individuals, and we as a society, become the best version of ourselves? "If you can't fly, run. If y… 
\reidhoffman- The fabric of life is woven by friendships. The team at @MeditativeStory asked me to talk about what friendship mea… 
\reidhoffman- "Blitzscaling is prioritizing speed over efficiency, in an environment of uncertainty." I loved talking to entrepre… 
\reidhoffman- I spoke with @tylercowen about driving oxen in HS, how D&amp;D shaped my worldview, what’s missing in science fiction t… 
\reidhoffman- Also, let's make Election Day a celebration! 
\reidhoffman- Don't let people with short-term mindsets decide YOUR future for you. If you care about what America is going to be… 
\reidhoffman- So, @RenttheRunway: Is it a fashion business, a data business, or a dry-cleaning business? Yes! On… 
\reidhoffman- Great businesses start with great ideas. But if you're still waiting on that idea, listen to my conversation with S… 
\reidhoffman- When @BillGates started giving his fortune away, he used the same tools that helped him build his fortune: data, sm… 
\reidhoffman- It’s become fashionable to badmouth the venture capital industry. The industry certainly has many flaws. But to par… 
\reidhoffman- To create world-changing innovation at scale, you need to be a great partner, supporter &amp; collaborator. I talk with… 
\reidhoffman- Working with a remote team? @Wences of @Xapo uses @Zoom_us to implement a virtual “open door” policy that generates… 
\reidhoffman- The Center on Rural Innovation (@Ruralinno) launched the Rural Opportunity Map, a suite of data tools to help local… 
\reidhoffman- How do you create and grow a completely distributed company? What international ideas are missing from the Blitzsc… 
\reidhoffman- This is the first major interview Robert F. Smith @RFS_Vista has done since he paid off student loan debts for the… 
\reidhoffman- What important lessons on global entrepreneurship can Silicon Valley learn from entrepreneurial ecosystems like Arg… 
\reidhoffman- Crime in Progress takes the number one spot! Important read. 
\reidhoffman- Bill Gates and I had such a great conversation, we made two (!) Masters of Scale episodes. The parallels and learn… 
\reidhoffman- Great advice from @megarling. I try to do this each year, although (to be clear) I do this on an outbound vs. inbo… 
\reidhoffman- I believe that disagreement, handled well, is key to great companies – so I loved talking with @RayDalio, who has a… 
\reidhoffman- Thank for sharing your thoughts with us, @KeesaCamille -- it was a great episode! 
\reidhoffman- How much money should your startup raise? More than you think – but not for the reasons you think. This great conve… 
\reidhoffman- After a bunch of work I am delighted to launch the masters of Scale posdcast episode with @jeffweiner! 
\reidhoffman- As CEO of @LinkedIn, @JeffWeiner has led a scale-up from 33m users to 660m, from 330 staff to 15k. His secret? Set… 
\reidhoffman- Today I join the board of @NewAmerica, a think tank dedicated to renewing the promise of America. Looking forward t… 
\reidhoffman- And here is a good press report on Convoy and the immediate road ahead. #trucking 
\reidhoffman- When have you displayed the patience to say “no,” so that you could later say “YES!” and launch an all-out effort?… 
\reidhoffman- Had a great time on Sunday doing @mastersofscale live at #summitla19. Wish I could convene the Masters of Scale Cho… 
\reidhoffman- Getting ready for the Masters of Scale class with HBS Online, that I'm teaching on Weds. Reminds me that I written… 
\reidhoffman- Where did @BillGates hone his talent for spotting patterns and measuring what matters? Learn about Bill's first sta… 
\reidhoffman- Looking for a better way to invest in the future, and in the companies focused on creating real long-term value and… 
\reidhoffman- The rise of personal computing changed our world. @BillGates spotted that inflection point — and accelerated it. (T… 
\reidhoffman- One thing that jumped out from my talk w/@iamwill? How well he credits those who inspire &amp; work with him. Made me t… 
\reidhoffman- What can #entrepreneurs learn from multi-platinum artist and futurecaster @iamwill? How to take an opportunity that… 
\reidhoffman- Amazing launch. Congrats to Shishir Mehrotra Alex DeNeui and the whole Coda team 
\reidhoffman- Very British on the apology. I completely agree with @matthewclifford 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @rebellc1 and @MattTheHunt, the two winners of our Bitcoin Rap Battle giveaway. They will split the pri… 
\reidhoffman- If you're inspired by the stories and experiences of this week's @MastersofScale guest @ToryBurch, here's news: App… 
\reidhoffman- I loved talking live onstage with @ToryBurch -- who grew a billion-dollar brand by combining patient watchfulness w… 
\reidhoffman- Please support food banks like Second Harvest of Silicon Valley. Help everyone in our c… 
\reidhoffman- If we're not supposed to take @realdonaldtrump seriously, as several Republican leaders have suggested in recent da… 
\reidhoffman- You might think the secret to scaling is more tech, fewer humans. But I believe the opposite: Growth is driven by o… 
\reidhoffman- Curious to see what applications come in for the next vintage of the @villageglobal Network Catalyst accelerator —… 
\reidhoffman- I'm excited that the Center on Rural Innovation is launching a new seed capital fund. The CORI Innovation Fund will… 
\reidhoffman- I love talking strategy with early-stage entrepreneurs. The questions they face are both unique and universal: How… 
\reidhoffman- Really enjoyed this wide-ranging conversation with @iamwill and @omarabbosh on their podcast "Pivot to the Future" 
\reidhoffman- In the new book "Tools and Weapons," Microsoft president @BradSmi and @CarolAnnBrowne bring some of tech's current… 
\reidhoffman- I wanted to talk to @DrewHouston because he isn’t afraid to take on giants -- and win. Here's my conversation with… 
\reidhoffman- Inspired by @Lin_Manuel, I produced a battle rap music video about centralized and decentralized currencies, pittin… 
\reidhoffman- Who wins in a debate: Alexander Hamilton or Satoshi Nakamoto? 
\reidhoffman- If you applied for Mastering Growth from @online_HBS and @mastersofscale, application decisions start today. Just a… 
\reidhoffman- Working with Saam Motamedi is great, from personal testimony and from all of us at Greylock Partners and all of our… 
\reidhoffman- For a founder of a disruptive business, it's tempting to try and outwit regulations. I asked @AnneWoj23 how, instea… 
\reidhoffman- A new #podcast from the team behind @mastersofscale, @MeditativeStory combines storytelling with mindfulness &amp; musi… 
\reidhoffman- Great work by Lorin Seeks and the whole team Convoy Inc. 
\reidhoffman- What makes @Bumble work? I talk with founder @WhitWolfeHerd about the small tweaks, some inspired by users themselv… 
\reidhoffman- This fall, @mastersofscale is collaborating with @online_HBS to hold a six-class course that pairs our podcast co… 
\reidhoffman- Later this month I'm heading to Boston for the first-ever @mastersofscale Live! -- where I'll be talking with legen… 
\reidhoffman- Sometimes, starting a business is part of life's second act. Here are 7 key steps you should follow to make it happ… 
\reidhoffman- In her instructive and inspiring book #TheMomentOfLift, @melindagates explains why effective "delivery systems" are… 
\reidhoffman- Step one for the would-be founder? Don’t wait for permission. Just start. Own your idea and your right to pursue it… 
\reidhoffman- When Oscar-winner @GwynethPaltrow took on the challenging new role of start-up founder @goop, she experienced "impo… 
\reidhoffman- Instructive look back at how America adapted -- and flourished, thanks to new commitments to education and training… 
\reidhoffman- How do you scale a sustainable business? Patience, patience, patience — and SPEED. That worked for @ToryBurch as sh… 
\reidhoffman- In honor of new grads and anyone making a big life decision, I'm excited to share The Graduation Episode!… 
\reidhoffman- How should a blitzscaling company think about and respond to competition? We answer in the latest episode of our Gr… 
\reidhoffman- Enjoy this podcast with Manish Chandra (@marrc), who shares his biggest lessons building a social marketplace: - h… 
\reidhoffman- Friends in the Bay Area! Tune in tonight to @KQED Radio 88.5FM at 8pm for a special @MastersOfScale, all about the… 
\reidhoffman- If you have a specific blitzscaling question you’d like us to answer on our new Blitzscaling podcast, tweet your qu… 
\reidhoffman- The first episode of our new Blitzscaling podcast series is live. - the ABZ framework - h… 
\reidhoffman- Chris Yeh and I are working with the team at Greylock Partners to release the Blitzscaling Podcast, a multi-part se… 
\reidhoffman- So excited to announce the first-ever @MastersofScale Live, coming to #Boston July 23! I'll take the stage for conv… 
\reidhoffman- .@dkhos said it was "boom, eye-popping" when an employee told him: "Don't tell us what to do. Tell us where to go,… 
\reidhoffman- I often talk about how startups eventually need to evolve from their pirate days into a navy. @Uber’s @dkhos is at… 
\reidhoffman- Incredibly proud to see my friend and LinkedIn alum @emiliemc take over as COO of Greylock Partners company Coinbas… 
\reidhoffman- Great recognition and amplification of the importance of compassion, through an award. Apply or recommend. 
\reidhoffman- Fund raising? Don’t just look for money. Look for people you want on your team. Each investor brings you key experi… 
\reidhoffman- Exciting development: @Aurora_Inno acquires Blackmore — the industry-leading lidar company — and opens 4th office i… 
\reidhoffman- Proud to support the incredible work that @codeforamerica does, and will continue to do so, particularly with a fou… 
\reidhoffman- Bootstrapping your business to scale is a hard road that I don’t wholeheartedly recommend. But it's possible if you… 
\reidhoffman- Though it's the exception to my blitzscaling rule, I believe you CAN bootstrap your way to scale—so long as you’re… 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @NautoInc, selected as a 2019 Red Herring Top 100 North America winner! The award highlights the most e… 
\reidhoffman- Excited for @GreylockVC alum and my good friend @alisonrosenthal to launch her seed fund @leadoutcapital. Looking f… 
\reidhoffman- Build your network early. Use your hours carefully. Raise more money than you think you need. More good advice in… 
\reidhoffman- .@Joi Ito is an entrepreneur, investor, theorizer, and champion of radically open systems. He's been instrumental i… 
\reidhoffman- Welcome @HollyRoseFaith as Greylock's new Executive Talent Partner. Look forward to working with you to help blitzs… 
\reidhoffman- No organization that’s entirely closed – or entirely open – can scale as successfully as one that combines BOTH. I… 
\reidhoffman- Julian Guthrie, in her new book ALPHA GIRLS, tells the stories of how four extraordinary women navigated the tech i… 
\reidhoffman- I normally like to introduce @Joi Ito as “college dropout, Director of the MIT @MediaLab." But today I’m introducin… 
\reidhoffman- Always awesome to talk with my good friend, amazing technologist, deep thinker @@kevin_scott. Look forward to the… 
\reidhoffman- Enjoyed my conversation with Microsoft CTO @Kevin_Scott on his podcast Behind the Tech: W… 
\reidhoffman- Had a great time chatting with @peterahigh from @forbes about the lessons I learned building and investing in compa… 
\reidhoffman- Great insider story and perspective by Eric Schmidt and Jonathan Rosenberg. It's the team and the mission -- and B… 
\reidhoffman- The best way to combat global poverty at scale is to put money directly into the hands of millions of people who ha… 
\reidhoffman- Everything begins with leadership. Critical lessons from coach Bill Campbell recounted and amplified by… 
\reidhoffman- If you're in #SiliconValley &amp; you're NOT thinking about the risk of weaponization, you're out of touch. On… 
\reidhoffman- When I'm interviewing an entrepreneur or job candidate, there's always one question I try to ask: 
\reidhoffman- Fleet safety, now taken to the modern, cloud, AI era! 
\reidhoffman- Erica is awesome, and this will be great for advancing the industry and helpful to women getting connected the righ… 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @junecohen and the entire WaitWhat team! 
\reidhoffman- Great to see the Jennifer’s recognition! Congrats! 
\reidhoffman- #AI that reads your face and knows how you feel. An idea with huge potential — and also potential pitfalls. We need… 
\reidhoffman- On @MastersofScale, half our guests are women. And @ShelArchambeau is a great choice for #WomensHistoryMonth. Hear… 
\reidhoffman- It's the most stunning #SiliconValley turnaround you’ve never heard of. @ShelArchambeau took the helm of a failing… 
\reidhoffman- 4. You can — and should — blitzscale responsibly. Speed and scale are generally good for the world; when the outcom… 
\reidhoffman- 3. You don’t get to choose whether to have competition, just whether you play to win. Almost no one ever races unopposed. 
\reidhoffman- 2. Blitzscaling is a strategic technique for moving faster, not a reckless gamble. Entrepreneurs can and should bli… 
\reidhoffman- 1. Blitzscaling is a response to market dynamics, not the cause. In a connected world, someone will build an Amazon… 
\reidhoffman- We believe that responsible blitzscaling is one of the most powerful forces for making society better off.… 
\reidhoffman- "What could possibly go wrong?" has driven much AI discourse in recent years. However, we must not view our efforts… 
\reidhoffman- I look forward to watching @chrisyeh on the show! 
\reidhoffman- Your culture should attract the talent you want and repel the talent you don’t want. But it’s critical to make sur… 
\reidhoffman- 50% of guests on @MastersofScale are women. But for #WomensHistoryMonth, it seemed perfect to talk with… 
\reidhoffman- Great greymatter conversation between @chomp and @johnolilly on a new social broadcast platform. 
\reidhoffman- Loved talking to the extraordinary (and hilarious) @SallieKrawcheck of @Ellevest for today’s episode: "Check Your B… 
\reidhoffman- "A powerful thing happens when you ask a woman to share her story." Join Evoke, an exciting new community by… 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @emilychangTV on the paperback edition of #Brotopia. Important book that digs in on an ever important i… 
\reidhoffman- 2 ways to maintain your competitive edge as a blitzscaling company: 1. Use speed as a weapon. Set the pace and mak… 
\reidhoffman- What is the single most important step the tech community can take to instill trust in artificial intelligence? It… 
\reidhoffman- Strongly encourage UK tech entrepreneurs to apply for Pitch@Palace by March 29. A transfo… 
\reidhoffman- I'm proud to support two initiatives announced by @macfound today: 1) the next #100andChange competition to award $… 
\reidhoffman- A power outage provided my first literal fireside chat by candlelight. :) Enjoyed my conversation with… 
\reidhoffman- Want to blitzscale your established company? Find major advantages to overcome your inherent disadvantages in speed… 
\reidhoffman- Will an AI-driven bot someday replace your therapist? SHOULD it? An important question posed today on… 
\reidhoffman- I had such a great time being a GUEST on @MastersofScale and love the theory @JuneCohen proved as host: The best le… 
\reidhoffman- Just listened to @MastersofScale Ep where I’m the GUEST. Best surprise? Not the @PayPal &lt;-&gt; Beatles comparison (tho… 
\reidhoffman- This is the conversation we should be having. Optimistic. Provocative. Smart. Funny. @Caterina Fake hosts the spino… 
\reidhoffman- Often the best way to learn rapidly and keep pace with change is seeking one-on-one conversations with experts, rat… 
\reidhoffman- Had a great time talking with @msuster at the #UpfrontSummit about Blitzscaling, China, AI, and the companies of th… 
\reidhoffman- Attention @MastersofScale fans: Today, we launch our spin-off #podcast @ShouldThisExist. Hosted by former MoS guest… 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @matthewclifford, @Alicebentinck, and the whole Entrepreneur First team, for building great start-up ec… 
\reidhoffman- Help schools, teachers, and children connect to the future. 
\reidhoffman- Great to see @Aurora_Inno making so much progress on its quest to deliver the benefits of self-driving technology s… 
\reidhoffman- Had a great time meeting with the extraordinary Stanford Women in Business. Thanks for inviting me to kick off… 
\reidhoffman- Welcome Peter Kosak to NAUTO! 
\reidhoffman- On the latest episode of @MastersOfScale, I talk about something I bet all founders relate to: experiencing an inte… 
\reidhoffman- Founders will understand what I mean when I say you're jumping into a raging torrential river. But remember, if sta… 
\reidhoffman- In #DnD, Game Masters like @MatthewMercer know their role is to make sure every player emerges a hero—on their own… 
\reidhoffman- In this episode of @MastersOfScale, I'm the guest and @junecohen tells my story. Together we prove one of my favori… 
\reidhoffman- Very excited by this new partnership between @mastersofscale and @HarvardBizEdu ! 
\reidhoffman- “It’s not about the latte.” Hear @juliahartz explain how her first job in a Santa Cruz coffee shop taught her to he… 
\reidhoffman- On the latest @MastersOfScale, @eventbrite's @juliahartz offers a great, clear take on how customer feedback is lis… 
\reidhoffman- .@eventbrite's @juliahartz is an expert at observing what customers say, then cutting to the core of what they real… 
\reidhoffman- I believe that listening to customer feedback can catapult your company forward. But you have to learn when and how… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling Rule #9: Evolve Your Culture. While the personalities of the founding team play a critical role in de… 
\reidhoffman- Where others saw cynicism ("I don't know where my money would go"), @scottharrison saw opportunity. He launched a c… 
\reidhoffman- Want to connect with your audience? Hone your storytelling skills. It's how @scottharrison got people invested in… 
\reidhoffman- Great companies are built on great stories, and I learned a lot from my conversation with @scottharrison, who used… 
\reidhoffman- Great post and share by @nxthompson 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling Rule #8: Raise Too Much Money. “Excess” cash allows you to better account for the unforeseeable—and t… 
\reidhoffman- Really enjoyed talking about #blitzscaling with Dan'l Lewin @computerhistory earlier this month. You can watch our… 
\reidhoffman- Really enjoyed talking about #blitzscaling with Dan'l Lewin @computerhistory earlier this month. You can watch our… 
\reidhoffman- and Kiva helping people in the US too! 
\reidhoffman- Kiva is still a great way to support entrepreneurs -- women and others -- around the world. 
\reidhoffman- As Senior Advisor and founding donor I'm pleased to share @oxfoundry first annual review @UniofOxford @OxfordSBS -… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling Rule #7: Ignore Your Customers. The fundamental rule of customer service has long been “The customer… 
\reidhoffman- Even as the president continues to rail about the “Witch Hunt” on Twitter, Mueller’s strategy looks like anything b… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling Rule #6: Do Things That Don’t Scale (Throwaway Work). A hack that takes a tenth of the time may be mo… 
\reidhoffman- Fun to see the variety, the creativity, of the statements on creativity 
\reidhoffman- When Nancy Lublin scaled Dress for Success, she didn't try to build an entire system from scratch by herself. She l… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling Rule #5: Let Fires Burn. One of the ways that blitzscaling entrepreneurs can stay alive is by decidin… 
\reidhoffman- Successful entrepreneurs need ideas, money, timing, luck... But none of those matter if you don’t have GRIT. It’s s… 
\reidhoffman- I also got a chance to sit down with James Manyika @McKinsey_MGI @world_affairs to talk #blitzscaling and how fast… 
\reidhoffman- I was interviewed by @silva &amp; @bbckamal for their fantastic new BBC podcast on entrepreneurial life. Hope you like… 
\reidhoffman- The grit you need to scale a business is one part determination and one part ingenuity, combined with an abundance… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling Rule #4: Launch a Product That Embarrasses You. Between (A) getting to market quickly with an imperf… 
\reidhoffman- #AI is creating opportunities and driving changes even AI experts can't fully predict. But if you want to know what… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling Rule #3: Practice “Bad” Management. When your org is growing rapidly, you may have to promote people… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling is designed to create impact on a massive global scale. And that's why it's so important to pursue… 
\reidhoffman- Great @TechCrunch piece about the @villageglobal event with @billgates, and the Network Catalyst accelerator for fo… 
\reidhoffman- It won’t surprise anyone to know I believe #startups are some of the best environments to explore creativity and fe… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling Rule #2: Hire Ms. Right Now, Not Ms. Right. You need managers and executives who are “just right” for… 
\reidhoffman- In our modern lives, we have a lot of choice. And that’s a good thing. But it also creates a heavy burden.… 
\reidhoffman- The Center on Rural Innovation (@Ruralinno) is launching a new model of economic development, connecting tech and r… 
\reidhoffman- The average tenure at @BritandCo is 2-1/2 years. That’s only a small number if your expectations are wrong. I don’t… 
\reidhoffman- Loved having @estherperel on @MastersofScale this week for The Milennial Episode. Esther’s nuanced observations hit… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling Rule #1: Embrace Chaos. Traditional business strives for order in management, operations, and financi… 
\reidhoffman- I believe you can marshal the power of millennials to grow your company, but you have to keep evolving - and help t… 
\reidhoffman- #Blitzscaling is about doing things differently when speed matters most -- but there are rules to breaking the rule… 
\reidhoffman- Creativity is being essentially human. Finding new solutions to new problems. What will you create? #HourOfCode 
\reidhoffman- HRH Pitch at the Palace is a great entrepreneur event, building the network density that enables entrepreneurs to s… 
\reidhoffman- . @dhmeyer is back on the latest episode of @MastersOfScale. In this clip he talks about the "Six Emotional Skills"… 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @fredkofman for Meaning Revolution, being the top shelf recommendation by Stra… 
\reidhoffman- It's hard to fix a company culture at scale. If you have a “C” culture you can revise it to a “B+” but it will neve… 
\reidhoffman- Great conversation with @DavidWestin on @BloombergTV Big Decisions. Talked about Blitzscaling, regulation in tech,… 
\reidhoffman- I believe that your first 100+ hires = cultural co-founders. It’s up to the founder to get every one right. My frie… 
\reidhoffman- Look forward to talking with @matthewclifford as always! 
\reidhoffman- Thank you to my friends and colleagues @jeffweiner, @johnolilly, @Stefan_Heck, @pahlkadot, @JBoorstin, James Manyik… 
\reidhoffman- Had fun sharing my experience and stories from LinkedIn, PayPal, Facebook, and Airbnb on @CNBC "The Brave Ones". Wh… 
\reidhoffman- Spoke with @LeahFessler from @qz about what it means to me to be a man, a feminist and an ally. Happy to be a part… 
\reidhoffman- Huge congrats to @DoSomething members for registering over 100,000 new voters this year. With more young people reg… 
\reidhoffman- A great @change petition. President Trump: Children don't belong in cages - Sign the Petition! 
\reidhoffman- Fun personal story from @bigsanford 
\reidhoffman- Applauding @Bill's leadership as expressed in the link below, and with his @btenergy effort - a coalition which I'm… 
\reidhoffman- Thanks @BNarasin! 
\reidhoffman- Traditional scale strategies make the same assumption: that you have certainty about your environment. But what do… 
\reidhoffman- Great conversation with @azeem 
\reidhoffman- Strong graphic. People rarely track the forward trajectory. 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling isn’t simply a matter of rapid growth. Every company is obsessed with growth. In any industry, you liv… 
\reidhoffman- What you have to understand about @ShakeShack’s Danny Meyer @dhmeyer is that his real product isn't *food*. It's ho… 
\reidhoffman- Great conversation with @azeem about the ideas I cover in my new book, #Blitzscaling, and on my @mastersofscale pod… 
\reidhoffman- One of the reasons you might find it challenging to grasp and apply the principles of blitzscaling, especially if y… 
\reidhoffman- If you are willing to accept the risks of blitzscaling when others aren’t, you’ll be able to move faster than they… 
\reidhoffman- Great interview of @daniellewis. Worth a listen. 
\reidhoffman- Talking with @sstubo always, always, always fun and smart! 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling is like assembling that plane faster, then strapping on and igniting a set of jet engines, while still… 
\reidhoffman- I’ve often said that starting a company is like jumping off a cliff and assembling a plane on the way down. 
\reidhoffman- To achieve your aggressive growth goals in the face of uncertainty and change, you need to follow a new set of rule… 
\reidhoffman- How do you connect a document to your everyday apps? Today Coda introduces a magical new feature called Packs. Grea… 
\reidhoffman- The companies that choose to blitzscale will soon set the pace of progress in every industry. It’s up to you to lea… 
\reidhoffman- The blitzscaling mindset can be difficult for people to understand. "Why should I risk it all and potentially blow… 
\reidhoffman- Go @JoshBeckerSV! 
\reidhoffman- When we talk about scaling a company, we're not just talking about growing it. We're talking about improving its ab… 
\reidhoffman- Great new launch of Entrepreneur First by @matthewclifford and @Alicebentinck. Important for companies and jobs of… 
\reidhoffman- Learn more about #blitzscaling at 
\reidhoffman- Thank you for your support, @ariannahuff, and 22 years of friendship! 
\reidhoffman- How do you scale yourself as a leader? There are only three ways: delegation, amplification, and just plain making… 
\reidhoffman- For a quick introduction to the ideas in #Blitzscaling, enjoy the book trailer. 
\reidhoffman- What is #blitzscaling? Here is our compact definition... 
\reidhoffman- Enjoyed the conversation with @DavidBrancaccio on NPR's @Marketplace. We discussed the counterintuitive rules of bl… 
\reidhoffman- I'm looking forward to taking the stage with @EricRies at the @LeanStartup Conference next month. Will you be there? 
\reidhoffman- For more details or to order a copy, visit 
\reidhoffman- Rule #9: Evolve Your Culture. While the personalities of the founding team play a critical role in defining an org… 
\reidhoffman- Rule #8: Raise Too Much Money. “Excess” cash allows you to better account for the unforeseeable—and the only thing… 
\reidhoffman- Rule #7: Ignore Your Customers. The fundamental rule of customer service has long been “The customer is always rig… 
\reidhoffman- Rule #6: Do Things That Don’t Scale (Throwaway Work). A hack that takes a tenth of the time may be more useful tha… 
\reidhoffman- Rule #5: Let Fires Burn. One of the ways that blitzscaling entrepreneurs can stay alive is by deciding to let cert… 
\reidhoffman- Rule #4: Launch a Product That Embarrasses You. Between (A) getting to market quickly with an imperfect product or… 
\reidhoffman- Rule #3: Practice “Bad” Management. When your org is growing 300% per year, you might have to promote people befor… 
\reidhoffman- Rule #2: Hire Ms. Right Now, Not Ms. Right. You need managers and executives who are “just right” for the current… 
\reidhoffman- Rule #1: Embrace Chaos. Traditional business strives for order and regularity in management, operations, and finan… 
\reidhoffman- To succeed, you’ll have to violate many of the management “rules” that are designed for efficiency and risk minimiz… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling your company isn’t easy; if it were, everyone would do it. Like most things of value in this world, bl… 
\reidhoffman- Scale is what makes innovation matter. To help people understand the mechanics of building massively successful com… 
\reidhoffman- Enjoyed talking with @jchatterleycnn on @firstmove about why it’s important to be an infinite learner, transitions… 
\reidhoffman- Enjoyed our discussion on Blitzscaling at @SquawkCNBC with @andrewrsorkin, @BeckyQuick, and @JoeSquawk. 
\reidhoffman- If your start-up's running smoothly, you're not growing fast enough. In my new book #Blitzscaling, you will learn h… 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling is too good a technique to be limited to Silicon Valley and China, and we have too many problems that… 
\reidhoffman- Thank you @CBSThisMorning for a great conversation about Blitzscaling. 
\reidhoffman- The fundamental lesson we need to learn from our history is not that we should halt or reverse innovation, but rath… 
\reidhoffman- I believe that to survive your entrepreneurial journey, you have to learn how to recharge yourself. Your business a… 
\reidhoffman- I believe that to survive your entrepreneurial journey, you *have* to learn how to recharge yourself. Your business… 
\reidhoffman- I asked my co-author @ChrisYeh to tell the story of how our book Blitzscaling came to be. 
\reidhoffman- Excited and delighted to be working with Sridhar. 
\reidhoffman- Newly-formed Black River Innovation Campus (@BRICvt) in Springfield, VT, aims to prove entrepreneurship can happen… 
\reidhoffman- As citizens, it is not only our right but our responsibility to vote. Today is National Voter Registration Day — th… 
\reidhoffman- Fundraising is tough, but the wise founder knows it’s one of the most critical functions within a startup. I teamed… 
\reidhoffman- Excellent progress by @daniellewis, @ggoodale and team! 
\reidhoffman- Automation is happening in transportation today, it's just not in the way you think. Convoy is helping truck driver… 
\reidhoffman- When @Spotify launched, music piracy was at its peak. Which meant @eldsjal was competing against “free.” His secret… 
\reidhoffman- The future is always sooner and stranger than you think. While it’s difficult to predict exactly where artificial i… 
\reidhoffman- In today's @MastersOfScale, @Spotify founder Daniel Ek @eldsjal talks to me about how to create cast-iron levels of… 
\reidhoffman- When change is the new normal, how do you navigate your work and your life? @BethComstock shares her transformation… 
\reidhoffman- How do you prioritize the world's many problems? In a new TED talk, @willmacaskill shares his thoughtful framework… 
\reidhoffman- You know the phrase “Keep It Simple, Stupid”? That’s what @Instagram’s @Kevin Systrom did to build #Instagram. They… 
\reidhoffman- And we’re back! @MastersOfScale returns today, this time with @Instagram co-founder @Kevin Systrom, a master of the… 
\reidhoffman- Good piece by @mattdunnevt on the surprising success of rural high speed internet deployment.… 
\reidhoffman- In this essay, I examine 4 of the core key criticisms of Theranos, and the lessons we can learn about responsible b… 
\reidhoffman- #FF @byron_auguste! One of our best thinkers on how investing in education, training, and helping workforce stay ad… 
\reidhoffman- Totally awesome! 
\reidhoffman- Strongly encourage UK tech entrepreneurs to apply for Pitch@Palace by September 10: A tra… 
\reidhoffman- On this week’s @mastersofscale, I talk with @MarissaMayer about a new theory: I believe when you can’t find the rig… 
\reidhoffman- Thought provoking essay by my chief of staff @bigsanford on apply medical ethics to technological dev. 
\reidhoffman- As this terrifying audio clip attests, even Thomas Edison had some awful business ideas. Find out its role in 19th… 
\reidhoffman- “If you don't standardize data, you don't have data. You just have a huge mess.” Loved having @FiveThirtyEight anal… 
\reidhoffman- How did this week's @MasterofScale guest @markpinc pioneer social gaming @Zynga? By relentlessly trying lots of new… 
\reidhoffman- Thought provoking essay by my chief of staff @bigsanford on apply medical ethics to technological dev. 
\reidhoffman- If you like my @mastersofscale podcast, you should check out my book BLITZSCALING for even more insights into how t… 
\reidhoffman- Co-opetition is a key reason for Silicon Valley's productivity. As I learned from @sbp04 on this week's… 
\reidhoffman- Apollo Fusion’s mission? To help “enable the second space race” with a more powerful approach to satellite propulsi… 
\reidhoffman- Season 3 of the Masters of Scale #podcast begins! In weeks ahead, I'll talk with founders of Instagram, Spotify,… 
\reidhoffman- I would like to hear the president denounce this and things like it. 
\reidhoffman- Season 3 of my podcast @mastersofscale kicks off tomorrow, with @taskrabbit's @sbp04, Stacy Brown-Philpot. Upcomin… 
\reidhoffman- Excluded from most traditional forms of finance, refugees find hope through microfinance loans backed by @Kiva — an… 
\reidhoffman- Don’t let your best ideas die in the shower. Take a page out of my friend @lindarottenberg’s book, and bring those… 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to my #SEItorinoforum panel with @PeterThiel and @Xavier75 tomorrow at 1am (PST) / 10am (CEST). To… 
\reidhoffman- Excited to see GitHub combining with Microsoft as it continues to pursue its mission of empowering developers world… 
\reidhoffman- 3 lessons from @sherylsandberg on the art and science of leadership at scale: 1. Great leaders create open communi… 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to attending #SEItorinoforum, an ambitious European tech event organized by SEI (School of Entrepre… 
\reidhoffman- The Masters of Scale podcast is now a series of animated shorts with @Mashable. Each one brings an “Aha!” moment to… 
\reidhoffman- 4 lessons on how to scale a magical experience from Airbnb's @bchesky: 1. Pay passionate attention to your user. 2… 
\reidhoffman- 
\reidhoffman- It's been a great pleasure working with @saranormous, and look forward to many more years as partner. 
\reidhoffman- It's been a great pleasure working with @saranormous, and look forward to many more years as partner. 
\reidhoffman- New today: Masters of Scale becomes an animated series. Short videos sharing big ideas from our guests. Up first: T… 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to my conversations with @fredkofman in an hour! 
\reidhoffman- I really enjoyed chatting with Sara Blakely of Spanx at the @villageglobal Underestimated event for 100+ amazing fe… 
\reidhoffman- Always great to talk with @allenb and @sstubo. Happy 15th! LinkedIn #linkedin 
\reidhoffman- 5 steps to find your next big idea from Spanx’s Sara Blakely: 1. Clearly define your purpose. 2. Always be on the… 
\reidhoffman- For a quick and enlightening introduction to @FredKofman’s new book THE MEANING REVOLUTION, enjoy this slideshow. 
\reidhoffman- In @FredKofman's new book THE MEANING REVOLUTION, he emphasizes leadership over management, and paradoxically asser… 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to my Friday talk with @FredKofman about transcendent leadership and his new book THE MEANING REVOL… 
\reidhoffman- Whether you're a seasoned CEO or a first-time entrepreneur, you'll find valuable lessons, tools, and inspiration in… 
\reidhoffman- Congrats @ColumbiaUEnergy on 5th anniversary! Proud to serve as a board member to support its important work helpin… 
\reidhoffman- 3 rules to build an online community the right way from @Caterina: 1. Think about the community—not the tool—you w… 
\reidhoffman- The race is on! Fun. 
\reidhoffman- I appreciate all the folks who have voted for our Masters of Scale podcast for the Webby Awards. If you’re a fan an… 
\reidhoffman- Are you a professor? Do you listen to Masters of Scale? If so, we’d love to hear from you. (We’re working on a proj… 
\reidhoffman- "Untruthful slimeball". Trump finally seeing himself in that mirror he always admires himself in? 
\reidhoffman- Making sure kids can eat is a foundational investment in STEM, and the future of our workforce, as well as humanity… 
\reidhoffman- 4 lessons on how to turn failure into success from @Stewart: 1. A great pivot almost always springs from failure.… 
\reidhoffman- Welcome Greg W. Greeley! Excited to be on the journey together. 
\reidhoffman- Great job @cohentomer. Very interesting conversation, and super important topic. 
\reidhoffman- And now I've just learned too! Congrats to the team, and fyi in case anyone wants to vote! 
\reidhoffman- 3 lessons on how to scale impact from Howard Schultz: 1. It's not all about profit. 2. The smartest investment is… 
\reidhoffman- 3 crucial words for entrepreneurs: This should exist. What's your big idea? What's something that should exist in… 
\reidhoffman- Top takeaways from this week’s @mastersofscale: 1. Surround yourself with helpful people. 2. Don't wait for an "Ah… 
\reidhoffman- Today's @mastersofscale addresses a lot of the questions I get from aspiring entrepreneurs: How do I find my big id… 
\reidhoffman- The platform makes it easier to combat sexual harassment between founders and investors, creates a more empowering… 
\reidhoffman- We are proud to support @Callisto as they scale their impact into tech — and many other industries over time. 
\reidhoffman- “Starbucks is not profit-driven. Starbucks is values-driven, and as a result of those values, we have become very p… 
\reidhoffman- The best scale entrepreneurs think about their social impact from Day 1. Howard Schultz personifies this. On this… 
\reidhoffman- 5 takeaways for serial entrepreneurs from my conversation with @ev: 1. Bet on the way the world is moving. 2. Star… 
\reidhoffman- I believe your first idea can span the entire length of your career. On today’s @mastersofscale, I talk to @ev, the… 
\reidhoffman- OpenAI has the ability to help AI move forward in ways that ultimately benefit all humanity. 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to talking with @erikbryn and @amcafee on Thursday -- they are always interesting and smart. And I… 
\reidhoffman- The precursor to @ClassPlass? @PayalKadakia’s first company, Classtivity. It had a killer team, gorgeous design, an… 
\reidhoffman- “Do it for Valentine’s Day.” by @apartovi. Well said. 
\reidhoffman- .@PayalKadakia may have learned to pay attention to customers through her years onstage at dance performances, but… 
\reidhoffman- How do you price a first-of-its-kind product to set it up for scale? On tomorrow’s @MastersOfScale, I talk with… 
\reidhoffman- Important for being part of the 20th century let alone 21st. 
\reidhoffman- The #DecencyPledge was and is an attempt at collective action for those in our industry who want to rally together… 
\reidhoffman- In Silicon Valley, we tend to talk a lot about "Unicorns," companies with a high valuation. This week on… 
\reidhoffman- Intro and insight on Belinda Johnson and Airbnb. Have enjoyed working with Belinda there for years. 
\reidhoffman- Still great things happening on Kiva. I just lent to a borrower in Bolivia. Join me on @Kiva today and impact a li… 
\reidhoffman- “You need more than your customer’s attention. You need their unflagging devotion.” @sama and I discuss why love is… 
\reidhoffman- Excited to announce our investment in Caffeine. Check out what @chomp &amp; the team have been working on at … 
\reidhoffman- Today on @MastersOfScale we hear from @YCombinator's @sama on bronze swords, customer love, and why growth hacking… 
\reidhoffman- New @MastersOfScale episode is out tomorrow. @sama, @DominiqueAnsel, and more join me to talk about customer love —… 
\reidhoffman- Cannot agree more with @eric_lander Focus on the future. Science and technology key. 
\reidhoffman- Reading an advance copy of @emilychangtv’s book Brotopia Important that we continue to pus… 
\reidhoffman- On this week's @MastersOfScale, @Caterina reminds us that online communities aren't only defined by what they stand… 
\reidhoffman- Sometimes you have to assert your values at the risk of losing users. How do you know where to draw lines? Listen t… 
\reidhoffman- Before Grumpy Cat, selfies, and #throwbackthursday there was… Flickr? Today on @MastersofScale, we’re talking with… 
\reidhoffman- Tomorrow, @MastersofScale returns with my interview of the incomparable @Caterina. Subscribe on @ApplePodcasts to l… 
\reidhoffman- To improve the state of Congress and our country, @Suneel is exactly the kind of leader we need to support. I've kn… 
\reidhoffman- Congratulations to Mike Lewis on today's release of his book @WhenToJump. Over 40 stories with insights and framewo… 
\reidhoffman- Awesome thought and question, but I actually think that many people do approach life as a (very serious) game -- st… 
\reidhoffman- Eric Motley of the @AspenInstitute's new memoir, Madison Park, offers great examples of how building meaningful all… 
\reidhoffman- Reality check from the great Barry Diller. There's a lot of wisdom in those 7 words. Listen to our conversation on… 
\reidhoffman- Last week, Barry Diller taught @MastersofScale listeners how important it is to be an Infinite Learner. This week,… 
\reidhoffman- Get a copy of the “Rules for Infinite Learners” poster, and hear part 2 of my interview with Barry Diller, where he… 
\reidhoffman- We're making a list of Rules to Live By (and Break!) for Infinite Learners. Tweet your tools, tips and tricks to me… 
\reidhoffman- This week on Masters of Scale, Barry Diller's path from the mailroom (literally!) to chairman of IAC.… 
\reidhoffman- “The most successful scalers are infinite learners.” Learn how Barry Diller used the power of naivete to become a T… 
\reidhoffman- I salute Patagonia's courage, integrity, and values. 
\reidhoffman- 10 million girls on 
\reidhoffman- A must-read report from LinkedIn’s @CFair1 and blog post from @MelindaGates. Much more work to be done here.… 
\reidhoffman- This week on @mastersofscale, I debunk the title of our show. No one can actually claim to be a “master of scale”.… 
\reidhoffman- Great to see the work from the great Microsoft and Linkedin AI folks - wish I was there! 
\reidhoffman- Today, take a refresh on the lessons from @MastersofScale episode Learn From Every 'No'. @TristanWalker shares his… 
\reidhoffman- Track coach Darryl Woodson: Speed isn't manufactured by how fast your feet move. It's how much force per step. List… 
\reidhoffman- Good chance to get some attention for early stage entrepreneurship projects! 
\reidhoffman- Help Reid Hoffman get more signatures - 98824 still needed! 
\reidhoffman- Thoughtful, eloquent, and spot-on leadership from @MelindaGates in this essay. Much more work to do. 
\reidhoffman- This weekend, tune in and hear Slack founder @Stewart on storytelling and pivots, graceful exits, and how to slash… 
\reidhoffman- Another gem from this week's @MastersofScale? @Stewart's advice to always end things well with your employees. This… 
\reidhoffman- How did @Stewart start with two video game companies and end up with @Flickr and @Slack? He knows when to pivot. Yo… 
\reidhoffman- .@Stewart tells the untold, messy story behind the pivots that created Flickr and Slack. #MastersOfScale 
\reidhoffman- Pivoting your entire company can be, well, terrifying. If you push past the fear, the results can be incredible. T… 
\reidhoffman- Years before Diane Greene became Google’s Cloud Chief, she laid the foundations of cloud computing as Co-founder of… 
\reidhoffman- Mark Zuckerberg gave a terrible pitch. But @PeterThiel and I invested in Facebook anyway. Learn why on Ep. 11 (“Esc… 
\reidhoffman- How sailing, crabbing, and women's ice hockey helped Diane Greene build @VMware. #MastersOfScale 
\reidhoffman- Tune in now to watch my interview with Cheddar about @MastersofScale: 
\reidhoffman- The best business ideas? They come at you sideways. On today’s episode of @MastersofScale — yes, two in one week! —… 
\reidhoffman- "I don't believe you have to be the singular owner of a market to be successful.” —Rockstar banker-turned-baker… 
\reidhoffman- Our middle class was built on talent + work + opportunity. I'm proud to invest in @byron_auguste vision to let a… 
\reidhoffman- “We needed to achieve escape velocity.” Great clip from Peter Thiel on this week’s @mastersofscale podcast. Full ep… 
\reidhoffman- “Competition is for losers.” @PeterThiel says this and I mostly agree. We talk competition, startups and PayPal (bu… 
\reidhoffman- Share the stories that can help entrepreneurs everywhere. New season of Masters of Scale #podcast - now live!… 
\reidhoffman- Masters of Scale: New Season 
\reidhoffman- “Competition is for losers.” I talk with @PeterThiel about escaping the competition at @PayPal and @Facebook.… 
\reidhoffman- I rarely agree with my friend @peterthiel but always respect him. Thrilled he's on tomorrow's @mastersofscale seaso… 
\reidhoffman- Masters of Scale podcast returns tomorrow! Help us reach entrepreneurs who can use it with our Thunderclap campaign.…https://t.co/f5onnVJzb0 
\reidhoffman- A great set of companies to work for, including Airbnb Convoy Inc Dropbox Rubrik, Inc. and Blend . Congrats all! 
\reidhoffman- Fun playing but mostly talking with @Stefan_Heck @pahlkadot and Richard Waters 
\reidhoffman- Are you a parent, teacher, or administrator? Join us in helping @codeorg give students in your schools a chance to… 
\reidhoffman- A big challenge facing Uber CEO @dkhos is moving the organization from “Pirate” to “Navy”. 
\reidhoffman- A great interview by @timoreilly. Look forward to interviewing Satya Nadella myself tonight at the Churchill Club. 
\reidhoffman- Best advice from @reedhastings: "Don't be just a tech company—you want to combine 2 skills that have not been succe… 
\reidhoffman- Principled and nonviolent disobedience is a core value that every healthy democracy should nurture and celebrate. 
\reidhoffman- "When we look back on how we won, it was by doing the core better." @reedhastings on how Netflix beat Blockbuster: 
\reidhoffman- Thrilled to share my uncut interview w/ Netflix's @reedhastings. This one's full of tips for scaling your own idea.… 
\reidhoffman- As I was coming out of the UN Summit on Sustainable Goals, a freelancer thanked me for Profinder for connecting with…https://t.co/Hm98K6Qyst 
\reidhoffman- The United Nations has potential to be a great connector of networks—a network that helps other networks connect. 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to working with @matthewclifford and @Alicebentinck. Entrepreneur First has created the modern effe…https://t.co/PDxM0Oa2lI 
\reidhoffman- Brian Chesky's advice to his younger self? Wait to meet investors, give control away grudgingly, and more.… 
\reidhoffman- What did Airbnb CEO @bchesky ask Santa for as a kid? Poorly designed toys. So he could redesign them. Hear more: 
\reidhoffman- Did you know Airbnb's @bchesky redesigned cities as a kid? Hear why on today's uncut @mastersofscale interview:… 
\reidhoffman- We should all stand with the Dreamers. It's smart and the soul of America. 
\reidhoffman- Great to see the launch of #valuable campaign to put disability on business agenda. Join the conversation @valuabletribe 
\reidhoffman- "Organizations that hide things under the rug don't create resilience because they don't learn." —Sheryl Sandberg 
\reidhoffman- In the uncut @MastersofScale interview, Sheryl Sandberg on everything from her family's immigrant story to her favo… 
\reidhoffman- Clean desk or messy desk? Closed or open office? Mark Zuckerberg answers in the uncut MoS interview.… 
\reidhoffman- Why is Mark Zuckerberg visiting all 50 states this year? He explains on this week's @mastersofscale:… 
\reidhoffman- "Just go do it—be entrepreneurial about it, and be a hacker and go do it." - Mark Zuckerberg on @MastersofScale… 
\reidhoffman- Are you a social entrepreneur under the age of 30? Apply for the Under 30 Impact Challenge by September 6. 
\reidhoffman- Craving more wisdom from Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg? @MastersofScale is back w/ the just-released, uncut interview… 
\reidhoffman- Great after school programs @mizuko 
\reidhoffman- Excited to share the news that Michael McCullough is joining Greylock as an Entrepreneur in Residence. 
\reidhoffman- On Aug 23, I’ll be debating @timoreilly about how important it is to scale a business. What do you want to know? 
\reidhoffman- Look forward to working with @bermanjeff at Greylock Partners! 
\reidhoffman- Congratulations @ansanelli and the @gladly team! 
\reidhoffman- Some of the most important advice I can give you. 
\reidhoffman- Great progress from Convoy and team! 
\reidhoffman- Awesome progress by @daniellewis and @ggoodale. Congrats to Convoy! 
\reidhoffman- Great advice from @selinato 
\reidhoffman- How does @jerrychen measure success? In customer complaints. More = better. He explains on #MastersofScale.… 
\reidhoffman- This week, my friend @selinato shares how to tell smoke from fire... and which ones to let burn.… 
\reidhoffman- THIS &gt; very cool opp for a tech/startup veteran ready to change politics. @Tech4Campaigns hiring Exec Dir: 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to the journey with NAUTO and @Stefan_Heck. Great for commercial fleets, insurance, and OEMs. 
\reidhoffman- The exact right progress in Comp Sci! Go and @hadip! 
\reidhoffman- Alright, entrepreneurs, let's hear 'em: What’s your "kitchen table moment"? 
\reidhoffman- On this week's @MastersofScale, you'll learn why "crazy" is a compliment. 
\reidhoffman- A little lesson in landscaping straight from #MastersofScale 
\reidhoffman- Tune in to @MastersofScale this week as we go around the world in search of the next Silicon Valley 
\reidhoffman- New @MastersofScale episode out tomorrow, looking for "the next Silicon Valley”. Where do you think that might be? 
\reidhoffman- A compelling strategy for philanthropists: Invest in non-profits that increase the effectiveness of government. 
\reidhoffman- "As a founder you have to be resilient and learn to weather rejection. It's a universal experience." -@tferriss 
\reidhoffman- Stand with Reid Hoffman 
\reidhoffman- “Hire like your life depends on it. It does.” That’s 1 of 10 Commandments for Startup Success, this week on @MastersofScale 
\reidhoffman- This week: 10 commandments for startup success, including “Expect Rejection” 
\reidhoffman- What are the 10 Commandments of Startup Success? Special Masters of Scale remix from @tferriss podcast 
\reidhoffman- Fellow entrepreneurs, this week's special episode of @mastersofscale was created with @tferriss podcast. 
\reidhoffman- Fun convo with @JulianGuthrie for Techonomics. Covered SV culture, tech future, @MastersOfScale, amongst others. 
\reidhoffman- Great to see @OpptyatWork @byron_auguste open fast lanes to talent in all regions, genders, colors to get skilled,… 
\reidhoffman- How to resist hiring a candidate who’s perfect but might clash with the company’s culture? I asked @jeffweiner: 
\reidhoffman- .@Workday CEO @aneelb on how to spot "I" people vs. "we" people and which ones your company culture needs.… 
\reidhoffman- The most innovative companies don't tell their employees how to innovate. They do this instead. 
\reidhoffman- This week on @MastersofScale: I believe there are many good company cultures and many bad company cultures... 
\reidhoffman- New @mastersofscale podcast is live: This week we're talking company culture with @netflix's @reedhastings.… 
\reidhoffman- Many of us DO care. #DecencyPledge 
\reidhoffman- It falls to us to stand with you, to speak out, and to act. #DecencyPledge 
\reidhoffman- VCs must hold the same moral position to entrepreneurs as manager/employee or professor/student #DecencyPledge 
\reidhoffman- Important message from @pahlkadot as she &amp; @codeforamerica work to vastly improve digital gov services across the US 
\reidhoffman- Grunt work + big data = magic. Hear more on @MastersofScale 
\reidhoffman- Thanks to all my #MastersofScale guests this week @sama @johnolilly @_baldwin @nancylublin 
\reidhoffman- This week's episode really gets to the ❤️ of giving your blood/sweat/tears to an idea you believe in. 
\reidhoffman- .@VolunteerMatch President Greg Baldwin: "We underestimate people's desire to be helpful." More on @MastersofScale: 
\reidhoffman- Doubling down on the future: Why I'm supporting @AlecJRoss for Governor of Maryland 
\reidhoffman- Can unpaid volunteers give paid professionals a run for their money? @johnolilly explains on @mastersofscale 
\reidhoffman- The wisdom and advice from @nancylublin just doesn't stop in this week's episode. 
\reidhoffman- To all the #MastersofScale in the non-profit world: this week's episode is for you. @crisistextline @dosomething @change @volunteermatch 
\reidhoffman- On this week's @MastersofScale, we talk about the most important quality entrepreneurs need: grit. 
\reidhoffman- "Part of the journey we're on is learning to separate winning instincts from losing ideas." -Zynga’s @markpinc 
\reidhoffman- Today: all new #MastersofScale, featuring the entrepreneurial equivalent of Indiana Jones @NancyLublin 
\reidhoffman- In Silicon Valley we love our pilot metaphors. Hear what @EricSchmidt learned from flight lessons @MastersofScale 
\reidhoffman- Thanks to this week's @mastersofscale guests, my friends: @ericschmidt @M_Heffernan and @omidkordestani 
\reidhoffman- Your new mantra, courtesy of Facebook's @sherylsandberg: Repeat your mission, purpose and values over &amp; over &amp; over… 
\reidhoffman- If you take one piece of advice from @ericschmidt, please please please let it be this: Make decisions quickly.… 
\reidhoffman- One problem w power: most people won’t argue with you if you’re in a powerful position. Hear more: 
\reidhoffman- Today on @MastersofScale, we’re leaning into chaos. 
\reidhoffman- Gmail, Google Maps, and Google News all came from Google's infamous "20% time" policy. The REAL reason it works? Fi… 
\reidhoffman- Latest #MastersofScale: Lead, Lead Again w/ the likes of @billgates @sherylsandberg, @selinato and more… 
\reidhoffman- Today in Obamacare: Atul Gawande explains why Obamacare repeal is terrible for science - Vox 
\reidhoffman- Strong organizations confront failure, they don’t sweep things under the rug - @SherylSandberg on @MastersofScale… 
\reidhoffman- Today on #MastersofScale: @sherylsandberg and I talk about leading at scale 
\reidhoffman- How @facebook deals with “the mother of all OODA loops”. Hear more on #MastersofScale 
\reidhoffman- Always a delight to talk to @sherylsandberg. She’s the archetype of a Silicon Valley scale leader. 
\reidhoffman- On @Mastersofscale episode out today: How @SherylSandberg helped build two of the world's most valuable companies 
\reidhoffman- A great convo with Zuck! (And parallels with his commencement speech!) 
\reidhoffman- LinkedIn Founder Reid Hoffman Invests Big Change In 
\reidhoffman- Join me in standing with one of the last doctors in Aleppo: call world leaders to act now to #SaveAleppo. - Sign... 
\reidhoffman- See you in class! 
\reidhoffman- Always great to talk with Jim Stavridis! 
\reidhoffman- I’m heading to the park, @davidhornik. Enjoyed your thoughts about Twitter &amp; @tristanwalker circa 2008 :)… 
\reidhoffman- Thanks for thoughtful response, Richard. All should read his excellent counterpoint. 
\reidhoffman- Mark Zuckerberg was epic, lots of great insights! 
\reidhoffman- Mark and I agree: For product releases, imperfect IS perfect. He talks @Facebook philosophy on @MastersofScale toda… 
\reidhoffman- Before Facebook there was... ZuckNet? @Recode picks up a great story from this week’s #MastersofScale 
\reidhoffman- Today on #MastersofScale Mark Zuckerberg takes me way back: Before @Facebook, before Harvard, to where it all began… 
\reidhoffman- 
\reidhoffman- Taking the “self” out of self storage, putting in the ease and scale (masters of scale!). @simonrothman 
\reidhoffman- To anyone who would call a female founder “sweetie,” I hope this story from @karagoldin stops you short… 
\reidhoffman- Next Wed (1 day before his Harvard commencement speech): our @MastersofScale episode w/Mark Zuckerberg. We start waaay back — before Harvard 
\reidhoffman- Great to see @AlecJRoss running for MD Gov with concrete plans for a more inclusive economic future 
\reidhoffman- Hey, @MCHammer. You up? 
\reidhoffman- Resisting the urge to DM @MCHammer right now, @tristanwalker.... 
\reidhoffman- Indeed. Lots of fun talking with @tristanwalker. Thoughtful and insightful point. 
\reidhoffman- Want to hear the story behind this tweet? @joshk explains on #MastersofScale podcast 
\reidhoffman- Open question to entrepreneurs: Has anyone pitched 200 times? 300? Where does it end? @kmin got me wondering. Liste… 
\reidhoffman- .@tristanwalker &amp; I talk "bad" ideas turned great. Share yours w/ #MastersofScale &amp; I'll share the best of the worst 
\reidhoffman- Every startup has crazy unforeseen expenses. Listen to the story @mnaficy told me &amp; top it by telling me yours. 
\reidhoffman- Trickle down value of Silicon Valley in @wired has merit. But we have blindspots. #mastersofscale tomorrow explains. 
\reidhoffman- Great counterpoint @timoreilly. Glad you're listening to #MastersofScale. Of course I have more thoughts :) 
\reidhoffman- My friend @timoreilly counters my theory about how startups should raise money. What do you think? 
\reidhoffman- 
\reidhoffman- I always find @wences really interesting and thoughtful on these topics. Worth a good read. 
\reidhoffman- Why You Need To Raise More Money Than You Think You Need 
\reidhoffman- 
\reidhoffman- The Money Episode of #MastersofScale is out today: You'll hear my guests &amp; me discuss all… 
\reidhoffman- I don't know exactly how much 💰 you need to raise, but I know it's more than you think you need. 
\reidhoffman- Is there such a thing as raising too much capital? Find out on today's new #MastersofScale episode, featuring my go… 
\reidhoffman- 10/Independent investigations, now! 
\reidhoffman- 9/The question for Congress: Will you stand up for American democracy? 
\reidhoffman- 8/We've already seen the Trump Administration's strategy: Fire anyone who investigates the Trump Administration. 
\reidhoffman- 8/We've already seen the Trump Administration's strategy: Fire anyone who investigates the Trump Administration. 
\reidhoffman- 7/Forget making America great again. Anything less than a full FBI investigation will make this the worst American government in our history 
\reidhoffman- 6/The new leader of the FBI must have the integrity, skills, and commitment to aggressively pursue this investigation. 
\reidhoffman- 5/In turn, the FBI must continue to investigate the WH Administration and its activities during the election to present. 
\reidhoffman- 4/Both houses of Congress must immediately set up committees to investigate why Trump fired Comey. 
\reidhoffman- 3/An independent, functioning FBI is key to a healthy American democracy. 
\reidhoffman- 2/FBI is taking this duty seriously – investigating Trump's ties to Russia and potential corruption. But will Trump let the FBI do its job? 
\reidhoffman- 1/As the main federal law enforcement agency one of FBI's duties is to investigate potential criminal activities involving WH Administration 
\reidhoffman- My initial response to Comey’s firing... 
\reidhoffman- Welcome Alice, the women entrepreneur's go-to guide and advisor: #helloalice Going to check this out. 
\reidhoffman- Always fun to talk with Sarah Imbach 
\reidhoffman- Airbnb's @bchesky went door to door to his customers. What's the craziest thing you've done in the name of entrepreneurship? #MastersofScale 
\reidhoffman- Great shot of my friend @NancyLublin on #MastersofScale. Hear why she let total strangers stay on her futon.… 
\reidhoffman- In early days @Stripe CEO @patrickc took midnight customer service shifts: "We'd wake up, help + go back to sleep." 
\reidhoffman- Dream big. Act small. The only way to truly scale is to first do things that don't scale at all. #MastersofScale… 
\reidhoffman- 
\reidhoffman- If you want your company to truly scale, you first have to do things that don't scale. #MastersofScale… 
\reidhoffman- If you would like to hear convos with a number of my friends -- including @bchesky, @sherylsandberg, others, then: 
\reidhoffman- From @MastersofScale episode 1, Airbnb's @bchesky shares the hilarious PR stunt that kept them afloat 
\reidhoffman- Awesome to work on this project with June and many others. 
\reidhoffman- Listen: Masters of Scale with Reid Hoffman 
\reidhoffman- “The biggest leaps you ever get are when you’re small.” –@airbnb CEO @bchesky on #MastersofScale podcast… 
\reidhoffman- .@bchesky, @patrickc, @NancyLublin -- all in one episode. Thanks for helping me kick off @MastersofScale. 
\reidhoffman- Thrilled to host @MastersofScale podcast. Live today w/hilariously honest, wise stories from founder friends. 
\reidhoffman- Great conversations with a set of my friends, including Mark Zuckerberg 
\reidhoffman- It's a honor, and a great gesture on the importance of entrepreneurship and the Marshall scholarship. 
\reidhoffman- Covers also a fun meeting with @daniellewis 
\reidhoffman- Awesome work by the whole company! 
\reidhoffman- Just supported this. 
\reidhoffman- It's a privilege to help Second Harvest in its critical mission; I strongly encourage others to support it as well 
\reidhoffman- Both of @sarahtavel essays on Pinterest are great lessons of scaling. 
\reidhoffman- Indeed a fun trip! 
\reidhoffman- You may have heard me say: If you're not embarrassed by the first version of your product, you've launched too late 
\reidhoffman- Adam Grant's Originals: Reid Hoffman Demonstrates How to Pitch a New Idea 
\reidhoffman- Adam Grant's Originals: Reid Hoffman Demonstrates How to Pitch a New Idea 
\reidhoffman- Adam Grant's Originals: Reid Hoffman Demonstrates How to Pitch a New Idea 
\reidhoffman- Nominate a rebel *with* a cause for the MIT Disobedience Award by May 1. A post on why I'm backing this award: 
\reidhoffman- 
\reidhoffman- “The Trillion Dollar Problem That We Can No Longer Afford to Ignore” by @ValerieJarrett 
\reidhoffman- I've taken the #LiveTogether challenge with @hadip. Happy Persian New Year. Pass it on! @jeffweiner @drewhouston… 
\reidhoffman- Happy Persian New Year! I'm taking the #LiveTogether Norooz Challenge with Hadi Partovi. Please pass it on.... 
\reidhoffman- An honor to join @Microsoft. The mission continues. 
\reidhoffman- Old picture, but recent thoughts. Good things to learn from UAE visit. 
\reidhoffman- The launch of @VerstCo. My blog is on Verst. Congrats! 
\reidhoffman- What cowards! The White House too afraid of New York Times, Politico, CNN? - Bloomberg 
\reidhoffman- As good people, care for refugees. Linkedin helps refugees with economic opportunity. Program by @megarling 
\reidhoffman- Great data from @AdamMGrant Another instance of "alternative facts", otherwise known as delusions and lies? 
\reidhoffman- Great simple points by DJ. 
\reidhoffman- In other words, it makes economic sense as well as moral. The creation of jobs by those fortune 500. 
\reidhoffman- This is the true story of America, our heart and soul. 
\reidhoffman- This is the true story of America, our heart and soul. 
\reidhoffman- Congratulations @NewAmerica and @cecmunoz! 
\reidhoffman- Obamacare has steps in the right direction for entrepreneurship, counter all the political slogans. 
\reidhoffman- Software, coding, should clearly be an American moonshot. 
\reidhoffman- LinkedIn's recent ProFinder report gives some insight into today's freelance workforce: 
\reidhoffman- Recommend @sarahtavel and her talk. 
\reidhoffman- Great talk by @dpatil 
\reidhoffman- .@danprimack Working at my office at Linkedin this morning, like most workdays, and will continue working with @jeffweiner exactly the same. 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to journeying together with Satya Nadella and @jeffweiner and the great teams of both companies. 
\reidhoffman- Awesome next play. Look forward to working with @jeffweiner and Satya Nadella on building networks and opportunity. 
\reidhoffman- I just published “Defending the United States Constitution” 
\reidhoffman- This opinion piece reflects many concerns that I've been worrying about in the last weeks, since the election. 
\reidhoffman- How To Assess Your Next Career Move: An Interview With Greylock Partners Daniel Portillo in Forbes 
\reidhoffman- My @GreylockVC partner @johnolilly reflects on his path and shares perspective as a VC in the @nytimes today 
\reidhoffman- This #VeteransDay, let's not only honor veterans for their past, but for all they’ve yet to achieve #HonorOurFuture 
\reidhoffman- We are honored to be part of Biohub’s journey to cure, prevent, or manage all diseases by the end of the 21C 
\reidhoffman- Literally the easiest way to check &amp; register if you’re not already + find early voting locations: #GoVote #VotePlz 
\reidhoffman- THE DEATH PENALTY CAN’T BE FIXED. IT NEEDS TO BE ENDED. #YesOn62 #NoOn66 
\reidhoffman- Rarely has a single vote had so much consequence: #GoVote #VotePlz 
\reidhoffman- Anyone who sees and treats #women as Trump does is unfit to be president #WhatHeBelieves #GoVote: 
\reidhoffman- No one should forget that @realDonaldTrump began his campaign by attacking #immigrants as “criminals”&amp; “rapists” on his very 1st day #GoVote 
\reidhoffman- more important than ever that we all exercise our right, privilege, and moral obligation to vote on Nov 8 
\reidhoffman- Great post by @smithmegan 
\reidhoffman- Great validation for Convoy. Congrats @daniellewis and @ggoodale. 
\reidhoffman- Good column on @RoKhannaUSA 
\reidhoffman- One question we will need to address: what happens when FBI Agents keep doing an investigation when Justice keeps telling them no case. 
\reidhoffman- This memo covers what I think of Comey's recent Clinton email report. 
\reidhoffman- What should Trump be for Halloween? 
\reidhoffman- LinkedIn learning classes free this week. Lessons from our book The Alliance 
\reidhoffman- Meeting Donald Trump by @richardbranson 
\reidhoffman- A few reflections on last week's NextEconomy conference w/ @timoreilly. by 
\reidhoffman- Great, meaningful, and fun GoFundMe story by @robsolomon1 
\reidhoffman- Great post by Laurene Powell Jobs on the importance of immigrants for creating the businesses of the future. 
\reidhoffman- Great post by @laurenepowell on the importance of #immigration for innovation and our future prosperity. 
\reidhoffman- Great post by @arizonarepublic. Threats of violence within our democracy: intolerable hatred. 
\reidhoffman- Spoke with @paulsolman tonight on @pbsnewshour about @trumpedupcards and why this election is so important 
\reidhoffman- Kudos to @MichelleObama. Serious concerns why people don't realize that it's "locker room talk" on sexual assualt. 
\reidhoffman- Comprehensive local ballot initiative for 11/8 to reduce traffic &amp; improve safety. Good overview of #YesMeasureB: 
\reidhoffman- Assistant for the mobile future. @TeamOzlo launches! 
\reidhoffman- “From Startup to Scaleup” — @GreylockVC 
\reidhoffman- This Election Day: What’s the worst that could happen? 
\reidhoffman- Important issue on the CA ballot this year, and commendable leadership from @richardbranson 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to substantive discussion at #nexteconomy Oct 10-11 in SF 
\reidhoffman- Awesome! Charles Taylor, the first recipient of the #BerggruenPrize! #IdeasMatter @nytimes : 
\reidhoffman- C’mon @Trevornoah, let’s play @TrumpedUpCards! 
\reidhoffman- Happy one year @TheDailyShow anniversary @Trevornoah ! Great fun to talk with you tonight! 
\reidhoffman- Good summary of @HillaryClinton schooling @realDonaldTrump from @joshtpm 
\reidhoffman- Three questions for @realDonaldTrump Just one substantive answer -- too much to ask? 
\reidhoffman- Solid, great, clear arguments from @nytopinion on why Trump should release his taxes. 
\reidhoffman- Extended interview w/ @ErinBurnett on @CNN: We covered #elections, #leadership, @Crowdpac campaign, @trumpedupcards 
\reidhoffman- For some transparency @realdonaldtrump can send $15m+ to charity. Why won't he take the deal?https://t.co/4uArhM30I0 
\reidhoffman- Good talking with @jenamcgregor at @washingtonpost. As citizens, critical that we all participate in our democracy 
\reidhoffman- Donald Trump Jr. implies dad won't release tax returns because public would be interested in the info they contain. 
\reidhoffman- Great talking with @ErinBurnett as always. 
\reidhoffman- Playing Trumped Up Cards: The World’s Biggest Deck*: || || @trumpedupcards 
\reidhoffman- Congrats @Peter_J_K for raising $100K on @Crowdpac! $900K to go-here's to reaching even more supporters to join us! 
\reidhoffman- A 26-year-old Marine Corps Vet has a plan to liberate Trump’s tax returns (on @Crowdpac): 
\reidhoffman- Seriously important: Great work by @sama and crew. 
\reidhoffman- .@McAndrew Andrew comments well upon a theme of discourse. I agree 100% with his points. 
\reidhoffman- Why I'm supporting @Crowdpac campaign to #RecallPersky. We must create a society where women get equal justice: 
\reidhoffman- Create a society where women get equal justice: Recall Judge Aaron Persky 
\reidhoffman- Great work from @go_vaibhav and the entire team! a two-sided marketplace on Linkedin. 
\reidhoffman- To understand the world in the Networked Age, even six senses aren't enough anymore. Read @jramo's Seventh Sense! 
\reidhoffman- I find these republicans on the real dangers of trump very compelling. 
\reidhoffman- Great eulogy, beautiful, poetic, and true, on the loss of a friend @blakekrik. 
\reidhoffman- Yesterday, @senatemajldr helped set a record for dysfunctional Senate obstructionism -- #doyourjob 
\reidhoffman- Awesome work for cities! 
\reidhoffman- “Ruth Bader Ginsberg is Under the Influence” + cute beagle picture by @davepell 
\reidhoffman- Awesome sharing of a great friendship 
\reidhoffman- Amazing how many journalists and commentators miss this crucial point. 
\reidhoffman- Obstructionism is terrible governance. Join me in signing this @Change petition More here: 
\reidhoffman- Why is Richard of #PiedPiper the best manager on @SiliconHBO? He uses (inadvertently) principles of @alliancebook 
\reidhoffman- Look forward to seeing how new functionality further empowers &gt;150MM changemakers on the @Change platform. 
\reidhoffman- If a company's leadership were half as obstructionist as congress, investors would divest. 
\reidhoffman- My @GreylockVC partner @jerrychen shares his presentation on the state of enterprise software for startups. 
\reidhoffman- Just posted the extended version of my remarks to global entrepreneurs at #GES2016 
\reidhoffman- . @POTUS also discussed TechHire; @OpptyatWork doing great work re-wiring the labor market to be more inclusive and productive #GES2016 
\reidhoffman- .@POTUS commends @endeavor_global @ @ges2016 for enabling entrepreneurs around the globe; dblng down on success with $100MM Catalyst II Fund 
\reidhoffman- Proud to be supporting @HillaryClinton! 
\reidhoffman- 3/3: Tenacious leadership @lindarottenberg, @aktaylor, Jackie C. to steward @endeavor_global's new $100M fund for entrepreneurs #GES2016 
\reidhoffman- 2/3: 10K jobs created by @endeavor_global Catalyst fund I, 35 early investments, 2 successful exits #GES2016 
\reidhoffman- 1/3: Congrats @endeavor_global for launching $100M fund for global entrepreneurs at #GES2016! 
\reidhoffman- Proud to join US Sec. of St. @JohnKerry &amp; global biz leaders today to help open #GES2016. Great gathering 
\reidhoffman- Thank You @POTUS for convening #GES2016 in #SiliconValley this week, recognizing the importance of #entrepreneurship for US + Global good 
\reidhoffman- Strong post by @sama on the serious dangers of Trump and his campaign. We need economic growth, not reality TV. 
\reidhoffman- Credit to the @NYDailyNews for calling it right. 
\reidhoffman- Classic anti-innovation, stop the future and enshrine the past move by the New York Legislature. 
\reidhoffman- The future of crisis intervention @nancylublin 
\reidhoffman- The potential amplification of humanity with artificial intelligence at work. 
\reidhoffman- LinkedIn to Microsoft: connecting global and corporate professional networks 
\reidhoffman- Changing the way the world works. Amplifying the path forward! @jeffweiner and Satya Nadella 
\reidhoffman- As @Joe_Nye explains, keeping America great in the Networked Age involves building alliances, not walls. 
\reidhoffman- Great announcement and description of Ambry. A great open source contribution from LinkedIn engineering team! 
\reidhoffman- Great post by @pahlkadot on the talent strategy for a digital strategy in government. 
\reidhoffman- Excited for @TeamOzlo and my partner @johnolilly who had been incubating and working on this for years! 
\reidhoffman- So you think you can think? 
\reidhoffman- Awesome that @dpatil will be coming back to Silicon Valley to talk Big Data, you, and the Country. 
\reidhoffman- Good follow-on from @simonrothman, probably the first of a couple to the Uber analysis. 
\reidhoffman- Nominations now open for the $1M @berggruenInst Philosophy Prize. I’m nominating @robertwrighter 
\reidhoffman- A good story about the beginning of down to lunch. Down to community. 
\reidhoffman- Very important that all students have the oppty to learn &amp; understand tools &amp; skills vital to our future #CSforAll 
\reidhoffman- I particularly recommend Sarah's book, #2. 
\reidhoffman- In the Networked Age, openness drives prosperity. @alecjross elaborates in Industries of the Future. My review: by 
\reidhoffman- How @alliedtalent is helping implement the ideas we wrote about in @alliancebook @bencasnocha @chrisyeh @chipjoyce 
\reidhoffman- A weekend post by @chrisyeh, @bencasnocha, and I. The Alliance targets mutual loyalty, honesty, and conversation. 
\reidhoffman- Never enough time? Here's a framework that I use to manage my time well and be a strong collaborator 
\reidhoffman- Partner + Friend @joshelman with a good podcast. 
\reidhoffman- You need great talent inn start-ups by @sarahtavel -- although "mitochondria" could be "midichlorians" 
\reidhoffman- Cannot resist the line: happy to be truckin with @daniellewis @ggoodale @simonrothman and @hadip 
\reidhoffman- Great engagement framework from @sarahtavel 
\reidhoffman- As @simonrothman says, network affects aren't enough. 
\reidhoffman- Learn more about the power of #blitzscaling in my @HarvardBiz interview cc @greylockvc @johnolilly @allenb @chrisyeh 
\reidhoffman- Congrats @sarahtavel. Deserved recognition. 
\reidhoffman- Pithy summary. 
\reidhoffman- Blitzscaling now playing on Podcasts -- and why relevant by @johnolilly 
\reidhoffman- How to leverage business to effect social change: highlights from my discussion w/ @pdgoldman in…https://t.co/eADyUvbbN4 
\reidhoffman- I admire @BillGates’s superpower of endless personal energy. Great leadership on 0-carbon sources #superpowerforgood 
\reidhoffman- Guy Berger, Ph.D., uses new LinkedIn data to shed the light on New Hampshire's "interesting" labor market. 
\reidhoffman- Great way to kick off a post on how to start podcasting. 
\reidhoffman- A unit of serious value from @jerrychen 
\reidhoffman- Congratulations to @Airbnb Co-Founder &amp; CEO @bchesky - honoree at 2016 #BUILDGala Entrepreneur role model 
\reidhoffman- What will get you there is most likely different than what got you here. 
\reidhoffman- Fun to discover this at the top of my feed! 
\reidhoffman- Cool note. Thanks for sharing. 
\reidhoffman- Two fun posts In honor of #StarWarsTheForceAwakens @bad_robot @starwars 
\reidhoffman- Very related to the market (opportunity), assets (skills), and aspirations (passon) from 
\reidhoffman- Our partner @dan_portillo breaks down the essentials of hiring an exceptional startup team! 
\reidhoffman- Why I've joined @BillGates and others in accelerating critical innovation for clean energy 
\reidhoffman- Make Computer Science count in California! Join me &amp; @GavinNewsom and add your voice: #CSinCA #makeCScount @CodeOrg 
\reidhoffman- The rules of wealth compounding with investing intelligence on Airbnb and Wealthfront Inc. by @adamnash, 
\reidhoffman- Join me in supporting worthy art project connecting diverse peoples around the world, from friends at @TurquoiseMtn 
\reidhoffman- I joined the Breakthrough Energy Coalition b/c we must accelerate innovation for new energy solutions @ global scale 
\reidhoffman- This key need for speed is part of why @johnolilly @allenb @chrisyeh and I have been teaching the Stanford class. 
\reidhoffman- Insipring example of entrepreneur using scalable tech to create significant change @CrisisTextLine @nancylublin 
\reidhoffman- Congrats Ed Boyden awesome. 
\reidhoffman- Is this a question? 
\reidhoffman- "Launching a startup is not easy. You need to find people that can build and scale the company." - @dan_portillo 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward, as always, to a conversation with @kaifulee 
\reidhoffman- A shared sense of purpose creates strong employer-employee alignment - in turn crucial for a successful tour of duty 
\reidhoffman- Just rereading this great post from @bencasnocha. Compassionate management is key by @jeffweiner and the LI execs. 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to working with @jgsilverman again on his next tour of duty as Greylock EIR … 
\reidhoffman- It's always important to pay attention to folks who knew him well, like @laurenepowell 
\reidhoffman- Great article on 
\reidhoffman- Useful roadmap for participation in our Blitzscaling class. @chrisyeh @allenb @johnolilly 
\reidhoffman- Very important subject. Thanks for publishing James Manyika 
\reidhoffman- Always great lessons from Sam, as our first guest for CS183C scale-up. Here: start-ups. 
\reidhoffman- Great post by Rachel Schall Thomas. Important work on the how to create positive environments on gender, and unlock…https://t.co/hjkbuMxR8n 
\reidhoffman- Our first scale-up class Stanford University CS183C with @johnolilly @allenb and @chrisyeh. 
\reidhoffman- Great speech on start up India, stand up India, and Digital India by Hon. PM Narendra Modi 
\reidhoffman- A strong rendition of the GoFundMe story, with @robsolomon1 and David Hahn 
\reidhoffman- Strong article on GoFundMe @robsolomon1 and David Hahn. Crowd funding is a key function of the internet. 
\reidhoffman- Teaching with @johnolilly @allenb and @chrisyeh. Many guest discussions, including with @jeffweiner 
\reidhoffman- I’m teaching a @Stanford class on Blitzscaling w/ @johnolilly, @allenb &amp; @chrisyeh. Read more about it here: 
\reidhoffman- Great and thoughtful post from @gaberivera 
\reidhoffman- My book review of @GoodBetterBook by @WillMacAskill and some reflections on achieving greatest scale impact 
\reidhoffman- Honored to meet with Secretary Carter today to discuss veterans and how we can better serve them 
\reidhoffman- Networked Age = everything accelerates and amplifies. What was once scarce can become abundant 
\reidhoffman- Q: If the unicorn is the rarest of creatures, how can there be a herd of them? A: The Networked Age. Here's why: 
\reidhoffman- Always quality content from @adamnash 
\reidhoffman- Great fast responsiveness and listening by the team. 
\reidhoffman- Not just steering wheels &amp; mirrors driverless cars render obsolete. You won't need horns or middle fingers either 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to the (great) movement towards Hackathons for expert functions -- not just software! Great work! 
\reidhoffman- Detroit has a shot at becoming the Detroit of the 21st cent. All it has to do: ban traditional cars from its streets 
\reidhoffman- Huge belief in @mattdunnevt for Vermont. Passionate, learning, working for years for a great state. 
\reidhoffman- Had fun participating in @brenthoberman's look into what life would be like without the WWW. #WorldWideWhat 
\reidhoffman- Entrepreneurship and scale-ups will play a key role in achieving UN's SDGs 
\reidhoffman- Strong support by @TheDukeOfYork on accelerating startups in the UK and world. #pitchatpalace 
\reidhoffman- Byron gives a strong perspective on the Marshall McLuhan medium in the message, or in modern terms, platform. 
\reidhoffman- Welcome @sarahtavel! 
\reidhoffman- A good, useful infographic on publishing on Linkedin. 
\reidhoffman- Awesome to have @sarahtavel joining us as a partner Greylock Partners. Here's her great post. 
\reidhoffman- I agree with @adamnash that automation will open great ROI vistas for investors. Software transforming finance. 
\reidhoffman- A brief review of @BrianGrazer 's book and look into how he uses curiosity for career success on @LinkedIn 
\reidhoffman- Great thoughts by @tomfriedman and @byron_auguste on technology to help the middle class. 
\reidhoffman- Visa Founder Hock, former Citibank Chairman Reed and former Secretary of the Treasury Summers join Xapo as Advisors 
\reidhoffman- Great conversation with Peter Thiel as alway, here in Shanghai. 
\reidhoffman- Data and scale impact -- well said by Craig Martell 
\reidhoffman- Good interview with @ezraklein 
\reidhoffman- Interesting LinkedIn is the most popular network for CEOs, with 22% of them on the platform. 
\reidhoffman- Energy is among the most politicized and polarizing issues of our time - we need intelligent discourse &amp; analysis 
\reidhoffman- Key point: Bitcoin/Blockchain provides an open platform like the internet as an open platform -- for fintech. 
\reidhoffman- A great contribution to gender progress in Silicon Valley by @sukhindersingh and great women entrepreneurs. 
\reidhoffman- Blockchain technology spells the end of middlemen - good angle on Blockstream and @austinhill 
\reidhoffman- Questbridge Helps Connect Low-Income Students With Elite Colleges Michael McCullough, MD Ana Rowena McCullough 
\reidhoffman- Great list of industry transformers! Congrats @bchesky @adamnash @niravtolia @scott_dietzen and @drewhouston 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @bchesky @JulesHanna @alisonrosenthal @danlub &amp; others on becoming Presidential Ambassadors for Global Entrepreneurship #PAGE 
\reidhoffman- This TED Conferences blog post shows why it's great to work with @peterthum. I also bought a watch. 
\reidhoffman- Great commentary from @davidwkenny 
\reidhoffman- Fun watching Jack on CNBC 
\reidhoffman- And here's the link by @Joi 
\reidhoffman- Important work on the Bitcoin ecosystem by @Joi and @medialab 
\reidhoffman- Important work in the Bitcoin Ecosystem by @Joi and MIT Media Lab 
\reidhoffman- Press start to continue. Mark Pincus returns to Zynga and the role of founders. 
\reidhoffman- The world has real inequality but one thing’s true: all dreams are created equal #womensday #backadream 
\reidhoffman- Great call to scale up education action by @scoutu 
\reidhoffman- A great post on the future of infrastructure by my partner @jerrychen Greylock Partners on VentureBeat 
\reidhoffman- Join in recognizing people who #backedmydream. Thanks to @Joi who helped build a dream of connected citizens. 
\reidhoffman- I’d have signed up if this were around when I was a kid! Congrats @mizuko on launch of @ConnectedCamps #minecraft #kidscode 
\reidhoffman- A good follow the money post by @adamnash. 
\reidhoffman- As @richardbranson writes, "Diversity is a competitive advantge for any business " #LeanInTogether 
\reidhoffman- An externally networked workforce is critical to an innovative company. 
\reidhoffman- Discussion with Dawn Nakagawa in advance of the WorldPost conference by the Berggruen Institute The Huffington Post 
\reidhoffman- Classic wise talent advice from @jamarko 
\reidhoffman- It takes a network. Peer mentorship is one key to solving gender inequity in the workplace. 
\reidhoffman- Congrats @nancylublin &amp; @alyssaruderman! Want to create a culture of impact? Learn how @DoSomething does it: Read their new book #XYZFactor 
\reidhoffman- In the 21st C economy, prosperity flows toward countries that have the most creative and adaptive workforces #SOTU 
\reidhoffman- Along with faster bandwidth, we need faster training. 5 million open jobs in the U.S. right now. #SOTU 
\reidhoffman- Let's add online learning to the President's vision for 21st C education too. #SOTU @khanacademy 
\reidhoffman- Xapo Launches Suite of New Security Features; Xapo Vault Now Free of Charge. Great progress for Bitcoin by Wences C…https://t.co/xCc2HB8mCI 
\reidhoffman- Perfect expression of the tragedy, crime, and horror of evil deeds. 
\reidhoffman- Data driven: lessons for building data teams where software and data is key to strategy. @dpatil @hmason 
\reidhoffman- Kiva for the holidays! 
\reidhoffman- As a fan of Liam and the movies, this is fun to see! 
\reidhoffman- Co-authors @bencasnocha @chrisyeh and I answer FAQ about employee compensation, mutual benefit, and the Alliance 
\reidhoffman- But, more fundamentally, thanks to Do Something, @nancylublin, the DS crew, and the DS community for their amazing work. 
\reidhoffman- Trust Do Something, their great crew and @nancylublin to do the most creative thank you ever. 
\reidhoffman- In Silicon Valley, Atlas hugs. My take on Peter Thiel's Zero to One, entrepreneurism, and competition. 
\reidhoffman- Great post on bitcoin, currency, and the lessons of Yap from @wences 
\reidhoffman- Building out a robust, open ecosystem is key next step for bitcoin. Read Why I Invested in @Blockstream on @LinkedIn 
\reidhoffman- And now the Fort Knox Wallet for iOS (and Android) from Xapo! 
\reidhoffman- It's important for all of us to help veterans. Glad that LinkedIn has launched this program. 
\reidhoffman- a SF leader who combines a focus on social justice and a healthy economy for jobs. @DavidChiu 
\reidhoffman- Congrats Adam! 
\reidhoffman- Look forward to seeing the movie, and sharing the "inside track" with @ricksmolan 
\reidhoffman- Great leadership from the San Francisco Police Commission. Hope it spreads around the country. 
\reidhoffman- Join me in supporting @codeorg’s work to give 100M students the chance to learn computer science #HourOfCode Donate: 
\reidhoffman- Big congrats @Lindarottenberg on her launch of #CrazyIsACompliment! Must read for anyone mastering the chaos of starting your own business. 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @slevene, @tcoppel, @chalfs to launching a new, quality venture firm for Europe. 
\reidhoffman- Great way to publish the highlights from GoPro videos! 
\reidhoffman- Awesome story on QuestBridge creating life and economic opportunity for high-talent, low-income youth. Founded by M…http://t.co/bSKfQeXc39 
\reidhoffman- Excellent article on @jeffweiner by @adamlashinsky. Captures his energy well. 
\reidhoffman- Fantastic post by @MikeGamson on his promise to employees. Mike is an inspirational leader at LinkedIn: 
\reidhoffman- We learned a lot from @Donahoe_John writing The Alliance. People is key to any success, innovation, and adaptation. 
\reidhoffman- Appreciate @andykessler's weekend article in the WSJ. 
\reidhoffman- Great progress towards everyone understanding code. 
\reidhoffman- Welcome to Silicon Valley, @MikeBloomberg. :) Great post on how he thinks about talent at Bloomberg LP: 
\reidhoffman- Some of the key ideas of The Alliance -- summarized in visual form on Slideshare: 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @bchesky and team on the rebrand -- Belong Anywhere -- an inspiring vision: 
\reidhoffman- Great conversation with Alex. 
\reidhoffman- How to Fix the Way We Work - The current employment relationship is built on mutual self-deception: 
\reidhoffman- Delighted to invest in @wences and Xapo. I'm fascinated by Bitcoin on three levels: 
\reidhoffman- Will your employees speak honestly to you about their career? Will they talk to you first about other job offers? 
\reidhoffman- Fun, insightful post by @adamnash. 
\reidhoffman- Always fun to talk with @emilychangtv. 
\reidhoffman- Welcome David Hahn to Greylock Partners! Looking forward to another great tour of duty. 
\reidhoffman- Agree that CEOs exhibit great leadership by having a personal voice on the internet. 
\reidhoffman- A great compilation of some of the things that I've said by @trengriffin. An honor to receive one of his intelligen…http://t.co/EU1qrH8rX8 
\reidhoffman- It was fun, as always, to talk with @emilychangtv. 
\reidhoffman- Great news from @seanwhite and @ianmccarthy 
\reidhoffman- You can't promise lifetime employment; you can improve an employee's lifetime employability: Tks @jessiwrites 
\reidhoffman- Your Company is *Not* a Family. It's a misleading metaphor. My new post at 
\reidhoffman- Fun (and on point) stories about my partners @davidsze and @aneelb at Greylock Partners. 
\reidhoffman- We've moved from the information age --&gt; networked age. Are you network literate? My new essay: 
\reidhoffman- Delighted to share that my new book The Alliance: Managing Talent in the Networked Age comes out on July 8: … 
\reidhoffman- How do you fund micro-entrepreneurs who don't have access to indoor plumbing, much less indoor banking? 
\reidhoffman- New essay on how crowdfunding and @Kiva are disrupting old banking -- by my friend @JulesHanna and me: 
\reidhoffman- I agree with this letter and Fred Wilson, Brad Feld, John Lilly, and all of the signatories. 
\reidhoffman- Two great steps by Secretary Pritzker and the Whitehouse for immigration reforms that help our economy and thus all …http://t.co/SoeiZVEV8M 
\reidhoffman- Super impressive work by @scott_dietzen and the Pure Storage crew. 
\reidhoffman- Good update on how Airbnb continues to try to be a good member of the community in New York: 
\reidhoffman- Doing a public chat with my good friend Joi Ito (@joi), head of MIT's Media Lab, next month in the Valley. Register: 
\reidhoffman- My new post: The Entrepreneurial Opportunities in the Coming "Resource Revolution" 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @simonrothman and @gaganbiyani for Sprig and a key play for immediate, great local food delivery. 
\reidhoffman- LinkedIn and MentorNet: A Partnership To Get More Women in STEM 
\reidhoffman- Good to see Congressman Polis being both clever and observant. 
\reidhoffman- My latest post -- Carl Icahn vs. The Future of PayPal: 
\reidhoffman- Really enjoyed chatting with @photomatt about Wordpress and future of content on the web. Video: 
\reidhoffman- Incorrect but well argued. 
\reidhoffman- “Mobile in the ‘pre-pagerank’ phase” by @johnolilly Pre-page rank - lots of interesting options, incl. social rank 
\reidhoffman- Great to see @bchesky @Airbnb @drewhouston @Dropbox get well deserved recognition from @FastCompany 
\reidhoffman- New book out by Andrew Yang, founder of Venture for America, about entrepreneurship for young people: 
\reidhoffman- Supporting Don Graham's new initiative - Helping Dreamers Afford Higher Education -- The Dream.US 
\reidhoffman- Excited to partner with @ev and team on Medium! @davidsze and @joshelman share their thoughts: 
\reidhoffman- Greylock Partners' @jamarko gives some key tips on start-up exec recruiting and VC roles. 
\reidhoffman- A look at @Kiva's incredible accomplishments in 2013: 
\reidhoffman- Announcing The LinkedIn Volunteer Marketplace: Connecting Professionals to Nonprofit Volunteer Opportunities: 
\reidhoffman- Just donated to common crawl, as one sort of new philanthrotech projects that should grow. @boudicca @Aloisius 
\reidhoffman- Good article on Endeavor and the Middle East. Reporting of the work by @lindarottenberg and the whole team. 
\reidhoffman- Amazing summary of how LinkedIn employees are transforming the world: 
\reidhoffman- Greylock Partners marketplace event was great. I learned from @bchesky and John Donahoe. 
\reidhoffman- Great work by @crazyfoo and team! 
\reidhoffman- Data without analysis is not valuable. @Ansanelli on Greylock's investment in @Trifacta: 
\reidhoffman- Check out the awesome stuff created at the @FWD_us #DREAMerHack: 
\reidhoffman- My opening remarks at @codeorg’s Hour of Code kickoff event: 
\reidhoffman- Great enterprise IT buyer triangle analysis by @jerrychen 
\reidhoffman- The magic of Endeavor, in a nutshell @endeavor_global 
\reidhoffman- Proud to be on the board of @dosomething which is one of 5 orgs in the launch of @Amazon's 
\reidhoffman- .@FWD_us announced #DREAMer #hackathon. DREAMer engineers, product designers apply! Also looking for mentors to help: 
\reidhoffman- Great event in Developher and awesome judges: @jeffweiner @mnaficy @alisonrosenthal Shannon (Stubo) Brayton 
\reidhoffman- In 2004 @LinkedIn pitched @GreylockVC for Series B funding using this deck. I break down what worked and what didn't: 
\reidhoffman- Great convo between @ansanelli and John Hering. 
\reidhoffman- Very cool initiative by #Exploratorium: Help crowdfund the project here: 
\reidhoffman- Great result for NYC host with @Airbnb. Being able to rent a room is as natural as apple pie. 
\reidhoffman- Welcome @saranormous, a great addition to the Greylock Partners Team! 
\reidhoffman- This is a great summary of some @aneelb techniques that makes him such a great leader of Workday. 
\reidhoffman- Great article on Dave Duffield and @aneelb. 
\reidhoffman- Disrupting the Diploma: my new essay on the future of credentialing and why it's a critical part of higher ed reform: 
\reidhoffman- A good summary of our announcement of the next Greylock fund @ Techcrunch Disrupt SF this morning. 
\reidhoffman- Congrats @scott_dietzen 
\reidhoffman- Excited to support the next wave of innovative marketplace entrepreneurs, with @simonrothman and Greylock team: 
\reidhoffman- Great new book out today on the effects of entrepreneurship on the Middle East: Startup Rising by @cmschroed 
\reidhoffman- Alejandro wants to serve the country but our broken immigration system won't let him. New FWD.US ad: 
\reidhoffman- Policy-wise, city halls and state houses are increasingly where innovation is either cultivated or stifled: 
\reidhoffman- Nice tips from the talented @bradmauney on how to improve your Linkedin profile using some of our new features. 
\reidhoffman- Well deserved promotion -- @joshelman becomes a partner on the consumer team at Greylock. 
\reidhoffman- Great example of a political leader (Abe-san) focusing on dialog with business community for economic growth. 
\reidhoffman- Welcome Andy @ibringtraffic growth expertise is crucial for consumer internet startups, and venture platforms! 
\reidhoffman- My op/ed in the Washington Post about immigration, identity, and why tech backs comprehensive reform in the House: 
\reidhoffman- Senate is voting today on immigration reform. Join @FWD_us Day of Action &amp; tell your senators to vote yes: #CIR 
\reidhoffman- Delighted to welcome @jerrychen to the Greylock team. 
\reidhoffman- Immigration and the Statue of Liberty -- The new ad "Emma" reminds of us immigration's role in our national history: 
\reidhoffman- Nice interview w/ Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen on philanthropy + a reference to LinkedIn's non-profit board matching: 
\reidhoffman- Two favorites: @richardbranson @dosomething. 
\reidhoffman- Modern Socratic wisdom from Fred. A great commencement theme. 
\reidhoffman- Good post by Mika! 
\reidhoffman- Our new piece in Harvard Business Review -- "Tours of Duty: The New Employer-Employee Compact" -- 
\reidhoffman- The 3 Secrets of Highly Successful Graduates - Sharing advice for folks entering the real world today: 
\reidhoffman- I believe in a world w/ less violence; reaching human potential; truth thru discourse; universal civil rights. Essay: 
\reidhoffman- My heart and thoughts go out to the victims of the Boston Marathon bombs, and to their families. Terrible and evil. 
\reidhoffman- New essay: Shape Your Identity Or It Will Shape You - 
\reidhoffman- Join @FWD_us and help the tech community make comprehensive #immigration reform a reality: 
\reidhoffman- Leaning in at LinkedIn: brief recap of my chat with @sherylsandberg: 
\reidhoffman- Startup to the Power of 10 -- the importance of being 10x better by @ansanelli 
\reidhoffman- Cool gallery of the different foreign covers of The Start-Up of You: 
\reidhoffman- We do a set of these tech talks for the Valley tech community, in case useful/interesting. 
\reidhoffman- Great company building tips from Jeff 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to Andy and Adam! RT @greylockvc Announcing our investment in @wealthfront the online investment manager 
\reidhoffman- Great article in GigaOM on "how and why LinkedIn is becoming an engineering powerhouse." Congrats to @LinkedInEng. 
\reidhoffman- Congratulations Marc! We are indeed in the early days. 
\reidhoffman- How to Think About Risk When Investing in Your Career - New LI Influencer Post inspired by @startupofyou - 
\reidhoffman- Mozilla is bringing an open platform to mobile with Firefox OS -- an important effort. 
\reidhoffman- I bought the book. Impressive. 
\reidhoffman- Great Linkedin story! 
\reidhoffman- In commemoration of a year in print, we present the Startup of You in visual summary. More than ever, it is the start…http://t.co/tJZRPFeM 
\reidhoffman- Good overview of the basics. 
\reidhoffman- Welcome Pat! Connecting Talent with Opportunity - Pat runs a critical role for our mission and company. 
\reidhoffman- Funny how few people know that LI is a great way to connect professionals and companies too! Great example of slidesha…http://t.co/CAJaefIL 
\reidhoffman- Breakout Opportunities Are What Accelerate Your Career: 
\reidhoffman- The apps vs. web drama continues to play, obviously especially on mobile. My guess is that it will be apps and web. 
\reidhoffman- How Large is Your Network? The Power of 2nd and 3rd Degree Connections: 
\reidhoffman- Allies and Acquaintances -- Two key types of professional relationships: 
\reidhoffman- Important social networks. Linkedin: colleagues, Facebook: friends, Edmodo: teachers/students, and now Nextdoor: neig…http://t.co/9ElF6ieE 
\reidhoffman- Dan's published his excellent presentation on how start-ups should understand and learn recruiting. 
\reidhoffman- Great. In a business, Senator Graham would be fired for obstructionism. Deliberating holding up the government? Bla…http://t.co/ZuwX9t9K 
\reidhoffman- Retail retailored - co-opting disruptive forces. 
\reidhoffman- Will Software Eliminate Physical Retail? Not Quite. - My new LinkedIn Influencers post: 
\reidhoffman- Awesome infographic from Airbnb - how Airbnb changes lives. 
\reidhoffman- How your network functions in a professional context vs. personal context: 
\reidhoffman- Why Relationships Matter in Your Career -- "I" to the "We" Power -- 
\reidhoffman- The Three Puzzle Pieces That Shape Your Career Path - Linkedin Influencers - 
\reidhoffman- Talent strategy is critical; Dan and John give a sharp precis. 
\reidhoffman- Sharp article, per usual with the economist. 
\reidhoffman- Still need to make the utilities clear to the other four. :) 
\reidhoffman- Agree with Mark: colleges need to think about their economic model, and students should think about how they invest in…http://t.co/1XpSvPLX 
\reidhoffman- Is Your College Going Out of Business? 
\reidhoffman- The current wave of enterprise software, well-described, and featuring @aneelb on top of the wave. Exactly right. 
\reidhoffman- Good overview for my friends who have sleep difficulty. 
\reidhoffman- My new essay: "If, How, and Why Founders Should Hire a 'Professional' CEO" - 
\reidhoffman- Awesome to see Brian on the cover. 
\reidhoffman- Great post on education by @jslavet. I particularly agree with making sure that the skills are the right ones. 
\reidhoffman- Cool to see my good friend Mark bring parts of his rule of the clan out on blogs and tweets. @MarkSWeiner 
\reidhoffman- Fun! And mentions Jean-luc! 
\reidhoffman- Great Xmas story and fun call out of Jean-luc! 
\reidhoffman- Great post on 10 essential keys for a mobile strategy. I particularly like #3 and #8, but they are all strong. 
\reidhoffman- Ryan has made great leaps with the Linkedin content ecosystem, most recently with the Influencer launch. So, not-so-s…http://t.co/8YUzHZBc 
\reidhoffman- A good read for a real-time, last-second modern life. Mobile technology effect on services. 
\reidhoffman- Great article Chris! Absolutely always enable people on a bottom-up, empowered network, to improve their lives and th…http://t.co/eIZ2OzYC 
\reidhoffman- So, Linkedin's leadership is chipping in. #Sandy is a crisis for all of us. 
\reidhoffman- LinkedIn agrees with @corybooker on his testimonial to resiliency. 
\reidhoffman- More businesses should show this sort of creativity and inspiration. Hugely entertaining. Kudos to Air New Zealand a…http://t.co/rrrxfISH 
\reidhoffman- Where we can, we should all help with Hurricane Sandy. Here's Airbnb's good, innovative move 
\reidhoffman- Very cool 
\reidhoffman- I've just updated my professional profile on LinkedIn. #in 
\reidhoffman- Congrats Aneel and Dave! A great day. 
\reidhoffman- Students are really important to us -- how do we help students launch their careers. 
\reidhoffman- DonorsChoose rocks: the use of the internet marketplaces to a distributed peer2peer network reminiscent of the tech of…http://t.co/oR9qKr3w 
\reidhoffman- I voted for the Linkedin Campus Recruiting Team, since I know their innovation, their drive, their hearts, and their r…http://t.co/cfgAV1C6 
\reidhoffman- After visiting Jordan a few years ago, it's excellent that we've started serious operations within Dubai and the Middl…http://t.co/eLBo0fji 
\reidhoffman- I agree with Craig -- I think that it's both a civic and a moral imperative to vote, to participate, and to help shape…http://t.co/sBcCqba4 
\reidhoffman- Good article on data scientists by @dpatil, including a true story about Jonathan Goldman. 
\reidhoffman- As usual, great post by Sarah. This is one of the key lessons here. 
\reidhoffman- An important book just came out from Steven Johnson (@stevenbjohnson) about "the case for progress in the networked ag…http://t.co/1De71Wzt 
\reidhoffman- A friend, Ron Lichty, just published a book on software management. The summary of a career's expertise. Worth a loo…http://t.co/hA3oCYRG 
\reidhoffman- What in the world is the nypd doing arresting non-violent protesters? Contrary to law and to our fundamental values. 
\reidhoffman- It's a democracy. Here's an easy way to register to vote. Spread the word, esp to the key states. 
\reidhoffman- Great subject of women in mid east entrepreneurship by Chris 
\reidhoffman- Congrats Nancy! 
\reidhoffman- Most people don't realize the successes that companies have using corporate identities on LinkedIn. 
\reidhoffman- Always great to hear Allen talk; should do more. 
\reidhoffman- Treehouse's scholarship program is precisely the sort of opportunity that young folks need, and that the country needs…http://t.co/t7pagBqq 
\reidhoffman- Instilling a culture of discipline – one of 12 key factors to consider in hiring a head of sales - great post by @ditt…http://t.co/IwCFV7YR 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to Shopkick for a well-deserved recognition. 
\reidhoffman- Simon makes a set of critical and absolutely right comments on marketplaces: their construction, their value, their es…http://t.co/RXmye7Xh 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to Sheila and the team! 
\reidhoffman- Great observation by @jeffweiner. Increasing # of companies benefitting from building enterprise business models on t…http://t.co/QtGjkcqA 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to the One Kings Lake team! 
\reidhoffman- This article also reminded me of Stanford's Symbolic Systems, where Michael K, Marissa, and I all too. 
\reidhoffman- Welcome Joseph to Greylock! The team: excellent founders and operators with great investing and board experience. 
\reidhoffman- Great job by @adamnash MCing the #greylockhackfest and writing it up. 
\reidhoffman- A great write-up for the #greylockhackfest #in 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to all of the participants at the @GreylockVC #greylockhack. There was intense selection getting in and it showed. 
\reidhoffman- Fascinating discussion on the brain and identity with Sebastian. @SebastianSeung 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to @dpatil for publishing Data Jujitsu, important contribution to the data tech trend. 
\reidhoffman- Thoughtful piece from John McArthur, as usual. Trends to surf in globalization, technology, and demographics. 
\reidhoffman- Absolutely right points by Dan. 
\reidhoffman- Thanks for a great event, with the leadership from @hmikitani 
\reidhoffman- Always a pleasure and an honor to be on stage with a world-class entrepreneur like Mikitani-san (yes "miki" :) ) 
\reidhoffman- Tim Ferris, Ben, and I on how to take intelligent career risk: plus an opportunity for some advice from Ben and I. 
\reidhoffman- I've just updated my professional profile on LinkedIn. Connect with me and view my profile. #in 
\reidhoffman- Great article on Aneel, David, and Workday. Also, a great article on leadership. 
\reidhoffman- Rob's cool new book -- highly recommended. Book ships in a few weeks. @rob_reid 
\reidhoffman- Thoughtful interview, and just like Allen 
\reidhoffman- Thanks to friends participation in Bloombergs Gamechangers. @allenb @jeffweiner @peterthiel @markpinc @davegoldberg 
\reidhoffman- Nancy's awesome TED Talk! 
\reidhoffman- Wrapp launched the US today! 
\reidhoffman- "@jack: I like playing 20 questions. Do you? always fun! 
\reidhoffman- For those interested in Kiva -- micro-entrepreneurs, global, SV marketplaces. 
\reidhoffman- The program continues with others joining to help. @Kiva: Get $25 free trial and help alleviate poverty. via @Kiva 
\reidhoffman- Thoughtful, spirited, and important post on Groupon by Surya 
\reidhoffman- Senator Bradley's excellent call for the future. @billbradley #dobetter 
\reidhoffman- Senator Bradley's excellent call for the future. @billbradley #dobetter 
\reidhoffman- Just finished Senator Bradley's new book. We can do better. A call for hope, collaboration, and the future. @billbr…http://t.co/f1ie2XbR 
\reidhoffman- Engineers are key rockstars in Silicon Valley. 
\reidhoffman- Good article by Nicole. Important wave of enterprise companies emerging. 
\reidhoffman- A company worth watching. 
\reidhoffman- A mutual laugh. :) "@iperisic: Thanks @quixotic for reminding me of the power of a good laugh when you need a lift." 
\reidhoffman- Just helped some entrepreneurs myself. Join @Kiva: Get $25 free trial and help alleviate poverty. via @Kiva 
\reidhoffman- Personally, I almost always check with my network on: 1- my goals (prospective, actual) 2- whether the... 
\reidhoffman- Introducing yourself in this community: 
\reidhoffman- Always great talking with Emily. 
\reidhoffman- Always great talking with Charile. 
\reidhoffman- The Linkedin free job listings for college students is co-incidental to the startup of you publication, but I love the symmetry. 
\reidhoffman- Trying to help college students find the right opportunities ... we offer *free* job listings worldwide targetted to c…http://t.co/YkblDYNJ 
\reidhoffman- Credit cards are the new application platform. 
\reidhoffman- I gave @johnolilly +K about Mozilla on @klout 
\reidhoffman- I gave @johnolilly +K about Technology on @klout 
\reidhoffman- I gave @johnolilly +K about Entrepreneurship on @klout 
\reidhoffman- A good friend, launching a very different, but very social new start-up. 
\reidhoffman- Here's the very first publication -- an excerpt -- of the Start-up of You 
\reidhoffman- Social + Mobile + Gifting = Wrapp @ehn @hjalmarwinbladh @wrappcorp 
\reidhoffman- Wrapp coming to the U.S. 
\reidhoffman- The right link to the post. 
\reidhoffman- And the references part is the most often overlooked but still key insight in Jeff's post. @jamarko @greylockvc 
\reidhoffman- Jeff Markowitz just posted a piece on executive recruiting. 
\reidhoffman- I use most of these applications, especially Cardmunch. 
\reidhoffman- +1 on all of Sarah's points, especially regards Chile and Endeavor. 
\reidhoffman- Good view on the future of retail. 
\reidhoffman- Always like talking with Emily. 
\reidhoffman- Andy’s Answers: How Clorox is getting fans involved in product innovation 
\reidhoffman- Twitter 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to the team @auditude and @adobe on their acquisition. Great work by everyone. @jslavet @moorski 
\reidhoffman- Agari's Email Trust Fabric will be an important addition to the infrastructure of the Web. Look forward to the produ…http://t.co/99KMbWfy 
\reidhoffman- Great column by Tom; good points by Marc Benioff and Jeff Weiner. 
\reidhoffman- Welcome Dan and Jeff! Great teams (help) build great teams. @jamarko @dan_portillo @GreylockVC 
\reidhoffman- YouTube’s Rick Klau Joins Google Ventures To Head Startup University 
\reidhoffman- Koch Brothers Flout Law Getting Richer With Secret Iran Sales 
\reidhoffman- Aneel is the quintessential citizen of the cloud. 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to job creation and matching discussion on Monday. 
\reidhoffman- Shasta Ventures Closes New $265 Million III Fund 
\reidhoffman- Anti-customer moves. Classic. 
\reidhoffman- Loic says very well one of the points that I gestured at on stage. 
\reidhoffman- Great analysis and call to action by Jeff. Couldn't agree more. 
\reidhoffman- The highline of this report: Entrepreneurship is a skill that can be learned. 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to Zuck, and the gang. For me, a surprise ever to be in the same list as the (very cool) Southpark boys. 
\reidhoffman- Looking forward to working with DJ Patil again, now in his new role as Data Scientist in Residence at Greylock. 
\reidhoffman- Cool new show with Cara. Congrats and excellent! 
\reidhoffman- Steve: witty, erudite, and a hack, as always. 
\reidhoffman- Congratulations to Mark and Palo Alto Networks. Great connection for a once in a decade company. 
\reidhoffman- Tim: great interview. (co-founder of Pandora) 
\reidhoffman- Tom is always great to talk with, and to read. Great column. 
\reidhoffman- Linkedin uses scala too; so we understand the importance of this tech investment. 
\reidhoffman- Great discussion from James Slavet. (particularly like sign #5.) 
\reidhoffman- Very well said on the topic of homosexuality, marraige, and law: 
\reidhoffman- Congrats to both Thack and Groupon! 
\reidhoffman- Even the skeptics now admit the data shows a problem. Hopefully means that more people will start acting on Global wa…http://lnkd.in/zbFivF 
\reidhoffman- Brian is definitely following his motto. Great entrepreneurship rocks. 
\reidhoffman- Great blog post by Adam on the (genuine) importance of T-shirts. Most thoughtful and accurate view on the subject. 
\reidhoffman- Talked with Rye last night. Very interesting social entrepreneurship story. Talent is everywhere; lets provide oppor…http://lnkd.in/5vKK7r 
\reidhoffman- Great conversation btwn Pui-Wing, David Z, and I. Captured the question of "is there a bubble in the valley" exactly. 
\reidhoffman- Here's the 10 rules of massive entrepreneurship that I covered at SXSW. 
\reidhoffman- Ellen (@ellmcgirt) captured very well some of the themes from my SXSW talk. 
\reidhoffman- About to head to the airport for SXSW; my first time attending and speaking; look forward to it after hearing so much. 
\reidhoffman- Just like we have performance measurement in business, essential everywhere -- including education and teaching. (a p…http://nydn.us/gi6U54 
\reidhoffman- Classic enterpreneurial startup story. Movies are startups with a temporary organization. 
\reidhoffman- Good article. 
\reidhoffman- James Slavet and I wrote a post on Groupon and the power of data. Data is at least part of the foundation of Web 3.0. 
\reidhoffman- 15 serious considerations about china 
\reidhoffman- Which mobile platform will be most important in 2011? See how the answers break out on the new LinkedIn Polls. 
\reidhoffman- Aneel made a great post on Dreamforce and the importance of the cloud. 
\reidhoffman- It's very cool when your partners (in this case from Shopkick) directly see the benefits themselves. 
\reidhoffman- making linkedin much easier to use on one important use case. 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Shopkick in Palo Alto, CA 
\reidhoffman- Recently, in Cambridge, gave a 20 minute talk on my path with entrepreneurship. I think that people like it. 
\reidhoffman- Gowalla board meeting — at Greylock Partners 
\reidhoffman- Good article on Linkedin; and shows how our sharing function is about professional info. 
\reidhoffman- Scalable education if it works. 
\reidhoffman- Very good (simple) statement of the electronics waste problem. 
\reidhoffman- I agree with Tom, that we are at a key inflection point with the country; I think that entrepreneurship is one key par…http://lnkd.in/WW7rbp 
\reidhoffman- Craig and Sarah have a good convo on social together with the marketplace of "stuff". 
\reidhoffman- Gave this quick set of soundbites at Oxford earlier this week. "It takes a network". 
\reidhoffman- I wrote a recent blog post on some key lessons for entrepreneurs. Just sharing it. 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Jude the Obscure 
\reidhoffman- As usual, a good and thoughtful piece by David. 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Virgin Atlantic Clubhouse in Millbrae, CA 
\reidhoffman- Interesting study! 
\reidhoffman- Important speech and rally by stewart. 
\reidhoffman- Great, bold, and wonderful contribution by some folks here at Linkedin. 
\reidhoffman- Interesting possibilities here... 
\reidhoffman- Had breakfast with Paul this AM, and he reminded me that the deadline for ycombinator applications is today. 
\reidhoffman- From Sat. Startup School: Reid Hoffman On The Burden Of Competition via @techcrunch 
\reidhoffman- One key, necessary thing is knowing the strategy in your industry. 
\reidhoffman- Welcome Gary to Mozilla! 
\reidhoffman- Interesting article. 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Zynga HQ in San Francisco, CA 
\reidhoffman- Interesting article. 
\reidhoffman- Great articulation of Kiva and Microfinance. 
\reidhoffman- Interesting article. 
\reidhoffman- I'm at LinkedIn HQ in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- Interesting article. 
\reidhoffman- Welcome Josh! 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Mozilla in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Togetherville in Menlo Park, CA 
\reidhoffman- Interesting article. 
\reidhoffman- One of our first moves on providing business intelligence to all professionals. 
\reidhoffman- The signal is green. 
\reidhoffman- Interesting article. 
\reidhoffman- It's cool that 3 of the the top 10 are portfolio companies. And 3 others are by friends. 
\reidhoffman- I'm at LinkedIn HQ in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- Thomas Friendman biography and globalization awareness story is great. He's giving an awesome talk here at #Linkedin. 
\reidhoffman- I'm at TechCrunch Disrupt in San Francisco, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at The Tech - Genghis Khan Exhibit in San Jose, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Bloomberg in San Francisco, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Mozilla in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at LinkedIn HQ in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Greylock Partners in Menlo Park, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Stealth Mode Co. in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- One of the subjects that I also really like -- how to spread the learnings of silicon valley. 
\reidhoffman- I'm at LinkedIn HQ in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- I just earned the Code Monkey Pin on @gowalla! 
\reidhoffman- Phone Numbers Are Dead, They Just Don’t Know It Yet 
\reidhoffman- Time understands the transformation of the workplace through staying in touch with your network and opportunity flow. …http://lnkd.in/ezmUwN 
\reidhoffman- this is intelligent philanthropy 
\reidhoffman- It's the last two days for new york citizens to tell Governor Paterson to save individuals' rights to sublet their rooms and apartments. ht 
\reidhoffman- Always great to see Jeff in his normal fun, compelling style. 
\reidhoffman- Apple Obliterates Q3 Earnings Estimates On Best Mac Sales Ever And Huge iPad Numbers 
\reidhoffman- Help preserve the rights of new yorkers to rent their own space for short-term lets. 
\reidhoffman- An interesting way to make the message the message (the medium the message) by indicating independence from the acquiring m…http://otf.me/cx 
\reidhoffman- Classic: why not allow people to rent a room for a couple of nights? 
\reidhoffman- Nancy Lublin will be publishing Zilch. Great lessons from mission-based organizations for all operations. 
\reidhoffman- Photo: — at Baume 
\reidhoffman- Photo: — at Baume 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Baume in Palo Alto, CA 
\reidhoffman- We've only had requests for this for years: 
\reidhoffman- LinkedIn on the Daily Show! (around 3:05) Always a fan. 
\reidhoffman- Loved Jessi's article. (Obviously partial, but thought very good.) 
\reidhoffman- I'm at @linkedin in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at @linkedin in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- Also, of course, Flash needs to be fixed. 
\reidhoffman- Good to see Chad on the move. :) 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Charles River Ventures in Menlo Park, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Madera in Menlo Park, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at TellApart World HQ in San Mateo, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Greylock Partners in San Mateo, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at AKQA in San Francisco, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Lori's Diner in San Francisco, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Brightkite HQ in Burlingame, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Pampelmousse in Redwood City, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at @linkedin in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at TellApart World HQ in San Mateo, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Greylock Partners in San Mateo, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at LinkedIn - Building 2027 in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Hobee's in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Zynga New Headquarters in San Francisco, CA 
\reidhoffman- Board meeting — at zynga 
\reidhoffman- I'm at TripIt in San Francisco, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at @linkedin in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at @linkedin in Mountain View, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Helms Deep in Palo Alto, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at 213 Ellsworth in San Mateo, CA 
\reidhoffman- I'm at Greylock Partners in San Mateo, CA 
\sama- Most important question to ask about advice: who benefits from this? 
\sama- Silly anecdote of the day: a month ago, it was mostly science-y people asking for advice about emergency kits. A we… 
\sama- Hard Startups: 
\sama- behind every "jk lol" is a little bit of seriousness (someone asked what my best tweet ever was, and i think this is it) 
\sama- Coronavirus cases on a log scale (from the bump is from a change in how cases are counted) 
\sama- Young people willing to push super hard to make something happen are among the most powerful forces in the world. 
\sama- sometimes it be like that 
\sama- I woke up bummed to spend all day writing performance reviews, but now I'm feeling thankful to work with such great people &lt;3 
\sama- Subjectively, it feels like companies today dilute about 2x as much to get to the relative level of progress as companies from 10 years ago. 
\sama- Hold on to ownership as much as you can, except when it comes to being generous with employees. Those percentage p… 
\sama- If you let your seed round creep up to 25-30% dilution, and your A round get to 20-25%, and your B round get to 20%… 
\sama- There's obvious survivorship bias here, but on the other hand there's something worth listening to--early stage val… 
\sama- Asked some very successful founders of the past few years what they wished someone had told them. Answer: don't di… 
\sama- This really stuck in my head in 2016, and I can tell it's going to again. 
\sama- How To Invest In Startups: 
\sama- What are we currently missing but is going to seem obvious in retrospect about the implications/significance of negative interest rates? 
\sama- Focus on what matters. Cut all the BS. 
\sama- Try committing to one day per week (for me it only works on a weekend, but some people do it on Fridays) where you… 
\sama- Compounding success (which means “growth” in the case of an early-stage start-up) solves almost all internal proble… 
\sama- Don’t overschedule yourself. Don’t have long meetings except for really important topics, and then have very long… 
\sama- Have long staff meetings and short 1:1s. It’s much better for information flow and alignment. 
\sama- The best way to get people to help you is to first help them. The second-best way is to be working on something interesting. 
\sama- There are exceptions, but the people at the top of almost any field worked very hard to get there. Be skeptical of… 
\sama- The strongest teams have a lot of diversity of thought but do not have much diversity of values or goals. 
\sama- Set and maintain high standards. If you have to be hard on people, do it with love and a genuine wish for them to… 
\sama- Ideal goals are ones that you hit, but just barely. Setting goals that are always a bit too much of a stretch is d… 
\sama- It is very hard to do good work without being optimistic, exceptionally determined, and intellectually curious. 
\sama- The sooner you can learn to ignore the haters, the better. Avoid the temptation to become one or surround yourself… 
\sama- Compounding, in all ways, is a very powerful force. Long-term outlooks and long-term commitments are the easiest w… 
\sama- If you want to get rich, remember that the way to do it is via equity, not salary. 
\sama- The best way to have valuable ideas is to understand the entire landscape of a field and figure out what can emerge… 
\sama- Follow your own curiosity, and start looking internally instead of externally for the answers. Be honest with your… 
\sama- The most value comes from doing something no one else can do, or no one else has thought of, in a way that is hard… 
\sama- It’s really helpful to get someone to take a bet on you (hire you, promote you, invest in your company, whatever) e… 
\sama- Authentic, high-conviction vision is rare and valuable. Double down when you find it or find people who have it. 
\sama- Getting caught up in the parts of a job that don’t matter is a dangerous trap and for some reason one that a lot of… 
\sama- Low-stakes things should be low-drama, and high-stakes things can be high-drama if they have to be. It’s important… 
\sama- Spend a lot of time with the kind of people who are constantly producing new ideas. 
\sama- Almost everyone underestimates the value of fast movers, in almost every context. Work with them. Be one yourself. 
\sama- If there is a single key to success, it is the trait of being able to make things happen in the world—willfulness,… 
\sama- Scale benefits, network effects, and the power law are so powerful that people usually delude themselves into think… 
\sama- You can almost always scale things up more than you think, and the benefits to doing so are almost always bigger an… 
\sama- The best work you ever do is what matters, not the time you worked on alchemy. Optimize for being spectacularly ri… 
\sama- However, they are willing to work on something for a long time even if other people don’t get it. "Important" does not mean "popular". 
\sama- The most successful people (judged by history, not money) continually look for the most important thing they are ab… 
\sama- How To Be Successful (At Your Career, Twitter Edition) 
\sama- Thank you to @DanielleMorrill for writing up the results here: Proposition 1 missed by arou… 
\sama- The good news: betting on innovation is always a good long-term bet, and with a sufficiently long time horizon you… 
\sama- I do not know what X is, but I bet it's going to be bumpy. 
\sama- Biggest prediction of all: we are going to look back at this period in time and say "How did we not realize it was… 
\sama- Investors who pick companies exceptionally well will continue to do exceptionally well. People who chase the pack… 
\sama- Specifically, seed-stage software seems quite overpriced, and late-stage everything seems overpriced. A low-confid… 
\sama- Would I make a similar bet today for the next 5 years? Hmm. Probably not. I expect certain segments of tech invest… 
\sama- (The latter is easier to keep saying for a long time, and has some kernels of truth.) 
\sama- Or it could just be that the media has shifted from the "tech is overvalued" to the "tech is evil" storyline. 
\sama- In general, it's unlikely to be a bubble when everyone is saying that is, but that it could be a bubble now that no… 
\sama- (It is possible that YC companies have done really well and other companies were very overpriced, but I doubt it.) 
\sama- Although I lost, I'd say it looks like we were not in a bubble, and categories 2 and 3 performed incredibly well ov… 
\sama- It's easy to forget how much chatter there was, mostly from the press but also from VCs, about how certain it was t… 
\sama- I lost the bet here (https://t.co/frDbJwQl29) from 2015 to Michael de la Maza, a TechStars mentor, and will cheerfu… 
\sama- Nothing is demoralizing in quite the same way as a weed whacker starting up just when you sit down to write. 
\sama- Write down your 2020 goals and look at them on the 1st of every month. It's worth it! 
\sama- wild that the decade is over in two months 
\sama- Congrats Jack and Eric! 
\sama- nighttime thunderstorm @ Bentonville, Arkansas 
\sama- I love the idea that training environments can be simple, and most of the complexity can come from interacting with other agents. 
\sama- Multi-agent learning (watch the video!): 
\sama- Really enjoyed talking with Kevin! 
\sama- One of my favorites, @MichaelDTubbs: 
\sama- What advice seems obviously right, is relatively easy to follow, and is usually ignored? 
\sama- Apollo 11 is the most inspiring movie I have seen recently (or maybe ever) 
\sama- It's gross seeing so many root against Tesla. Be the person on the side of the climate and innovation, not the pers… 
\sama- And I, along with many, many other people, am super thankful to @paulg and @jesslivingston, who are the most import… 
\sama- I'm very thankful to all the YC partners, and especially to @mwseibel, for picking up my slack as I've shifted focu… 
\sama- I'm delighted @gralston is taking over as President of YC! He is YC at its best, and I'm excited to see where he ta… 
\sama- i am a little biased (mostly because i like @ekosz1 so much) but @LatticeHQ is doing amazingly well! 
\sama- lachy is one of four people i ask for career advice; this is a good offer. 
\sama- You want to be world class at some narrow and important intersection, not decently good at a lot of things. 
\sama- Generally the highest ROI comes from getting even better in areas where you're already strong, not improving in are… 
\sama- OpenAI defeats the Dota world champions in back-to-back games. Now we have some other things to share :) 
\sama- ALL YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO US 
\sama- OpenAI Five wins game 1 against OG! 
\sama- What a human sees and what an AI sees playing Dota 
\sama- Getting ready for OpenAI Five Finals! 
\sama- Important thing I learned from @paulg: you can be super tough on the business and love the person and it’s super ef… 
\sama- You should be more willing to believe strategies are good if they can be explained briefly. 
\sama- YC demo day and _Michael_ is the one wearing cargo shorts! 
\sama- this is so cool! 
\sama- This is extremely true: 
\sama- Very good interview with @gdb about GPT-2! 
\sama- The top few seed funds will continue to do incredibly well—the variance is about as high as startups. 
\sama- But investors seem willing to take this deal, and there continues to be a lot of promising startups. Hard to predi… 
\sama- I suspect what will happen is that seed fund returns will continue to compress—there was an unusually high rate of… 
\sama- One of YC’s LPs recently observed that all pitch decks for new funds look almost identical, which is a bad sign for… 
\sama- One CEO recently told me he had been approached by every single one of his investors (!) to be a “scout investor” f… 
\sama- Speaking of seed funding:`the availability of seed funding doesn’t seem to be slowing down. 
\sama- Average burn rates of early-stage startups over the last few years look like the growth graph of a really great startup! 
\sama- And to state the obviously biased but still true belief: I still think companies should come to the bay area for YC! 
\sama- We’ve noticed more and more YC companies coming here for the program, raising money and building a network, and the… 
\sama- Another option is for startups to have a presence in the bay area and a majority of employees elsewhere. 
\sama- And not concentrated in any one place, but just sort of diffused everywhere. I doubt there will ever be another Am… 
\sama- I still expect a significant % of the $10B+ startups will get created here, so it makes sense for investors to stil… 
\sama- There are still some things—e.g great startup executive talent, particular kinds of engineering talent—that are muc… 
\sama- The incredibly high cost of living, power of FB/Google/etc, and a few cultural issues (e.g., short tenure for peopl… 
\sama- I think 2017 was around when it stopped being an obviously good idea for startups to be in the bay area, but it’s b… 
\sama- This is one of the best things OpenAI has ever done! Unsupervised language model that can do many tasks: 
\sama- No one person leaving a good company kills it, but sometimes one person staying can. 
\sama- One of my favorite-ever HN comments: Resistance to building up self-limiting belief syste… 
\sama- YC is hosting a new conference. I hope it will be great, please check it out and consider applying! 
\sama- don't let jerks live rent-free in your head 
\sama- How To Be Successful: This is very long, but I think one of the most important things I've ever written. 
\sama- I spoke to @vkhosla and it was really interesting: 
\sama- Waiting for the serac to fall, tanning in Antarctica 
\sama- Remarkable to me how many of the people who thought we were for sure in a bubble then think we definitely aren't now. 
\sama- Speaking of predictions, I made this bet almost four years ago: With one year to go, portf… 
\sama- Predictions for the three most important technological developments that will happen by 2025: 1) We will get net-g… 
\sama- Happy new year to everyone—may 2019 be (even) better for you than 2018! I think that’s the most important new years resolution of all. 
\sama- Most important tweet I've read in awhile: 
\sama- Make School just got accredited for a bachelor's degree! 
\sama- Congrats to @Tracy_Young and the @PlanGrid team! One of my very favorite CEOs... 
\sama- There's always a technology frontier somewhere, and one of the best reasons to go work there is that it's where the… 
\sama- (If you don’t, you may get surprised on the downside when fortunes reverse and they remember.) 
\sama- Treat everyone you work with like a peer, and you’ll usually be surprised on the upside. 
\sama- Know anyone that wants to help YC fund the next great bio companies? 
\sama- It was great working with Gabriel Lopez, Zack Abbott, @rau400, Leonid Kozhunk and @rspineanu on this! 
\sama- We need to research more aggressive climate solutions, and YC is ready to fund: 
\sama- Today i saw the quantum erasure experiment run and now i can’t sleep 
\sama- I got to read an early copy of this, and have been waiting for it to come out so that I can recommend it to everyon… 
\sama- Really special opportunity to work closely with hundreds of founders, the YC community and team, and Michael: 
\sama- The number one predictor of success for a very young startup: rate of iteration. 
\sama- The number one predictor of success for a very young startup: rate of iteration. 
\sama- I love that Asana can post consistent results like this and also be such a great place to work 
\sama- What a photo... 
\sama- It’s also rare to be able to tell the difference between very hard and impossible. 
\sama- For whatever reason, it doesn't work as well when you have to split those three traits among multiple people. 
\sama- Even fewer people are willing/able to actually execute on plans. People who have a bold vision, specific plans, an… 
\sama- It’s common to have vision; it’s rare to have plans. 
\sama- Low burn rates have gone out of fashion, but I expect we'll be reminded very quickly at the beginning of the next d… 
\sama- Low burn rate, rapid progress: excellent! High burn rate, rapid progress: ok Low burn rate, slow progress: ok High… 
\sama- Most people are only really good at a few things. Focus on going from really good to great in those areas rather th… 
\sama- I often hear people say they can’t do X because they’re not good at Y, and Y is a minor factor which they can addre… 
\sama- Make your identity about your strengths, not your weaknesses. 
\sama- Having the self-belief that you will be able to figure things out as you go along is critical to success at anythin… 
\sama- We have a big surprise for the @OpenAI Dota2 match today :D Amazing how fast OpenAI Five can learn new things... S… 
\sama- It always makes me ridiculously proud to be a human when I see a 747 flying low. We did that. 
\sama- If you are successful, it’s almost always because some people went out of their way to help you. You have a moral o… 
\sama- We are accepting all 15,000 companies that applied to Startup School! Excited to provide a community to so many sta… 
\sama- YC Alumni Demo Day, ft. PG taking notes. “You know what you should do...” 
\sama- thank you suhail! 
\sama- This is a big deal! Ooshma is one of my favorite founders, and Gobble is the only food delivery company I have eve… 
\sama- I am really happy to share that Qi Lu is joining YC, and we are launching in China! 
\sama- If you notice something at your company below standards and don't fix it or make sure someone else does, you have s… 
\sama- This is the podcast I learn the most per minute from: 
\sama- congrats @gdb!! 
\sama- gg! 
\sama- getting ready 
\sama- Today at 1:15 pm PDT (pre-show starts at 12:30), watch the OpenAI Five play a team of top Dota 2 pros:… 
\sama- Dactyl, a really cool robotics result from @OpenAI: 
\sama- I love how much better @OpenAI blog posts get each day of the last week before launch! 
\sama- Congrats to @lachygroom and @stripe! This looks awesome: 
\sama- Congrats to @RescaleInc! 
\sama- Remarkable progress from the Dota team over the past month: 
\sama- YC Startup School is back, with grants this time! Get advice and join a community. Run by… 
\sama- I'm speaking at @highergroundlab Demo Day in SF on July 18 at 3:30pm. Please come meet the next great cohort of pol… 
\sama- Glow, a reversible generative model: 
\sama- This is so good: @jesslivingston 
\sama- Special congrats to @gdb, @sidorszymon, and Jakub Pachocki for driving this accomplishment, which I believe is one… 
\sama- Reinforcement Learning Progress: 
\sama- Congrats to the @brexHQ team! 
\sama- I am always impressed by the work @laurenepowell does: 
\sama- This is amazing! 
\sama- read this thread! 
\sama- AI and Compute: 
\sama- To be clear: I'm still skeptical of almost all cryptocurrency projects. 90+% of them are somewhere between overhyp… 
\sama- US Digital Currency: 
\sama- Today's AI technology will create a human-machine interface for everything. Humans will still have to think (for no… 
\sama- Make the email shorter, get to the point faster, and don't be shy about followup. 
\sama- The former category of people are the most "underpriced asset" in the entire ecosystem. 
\sama- Best way to make money as a startup investor: bet on people with incredible growth trajectories, not impressive cre… 
\sama- If someone's assessment of their own ability is wildly higher than their actual ability, aggressively avoid working with them. 
\sama- Delighted about this! Adam is one of the smartest and most thoughtful people I've ever met. 
\sama- ... What Napoleon claimed he gave the people was equality of opportunity, which satisfied both conflicting aspirati… 
\sama- "What the people said it wanted was 'Liberty, Equality, Fraternity'. Napoleon's heart was quick to decide that peop… 
\sama- A quote from Napoleon: 
\sama- “bet more win more” -@jaltma dropping investment advice 
\sama- Anne Wojcicki on How To Build The Future: 
\sama- (And the fact that trust is low in both government and tech companies is why it's important to default to being per… 
\sama- I am surprised people seem to want the giant tech companies to set the rules of free speech online instead of their… 
\sama- Productivity: 
\sama- When people at OpenAI say “we’re playing well” they mean the human team, except the Dota programmers who mean the A… 
\sama- Very pleased with how this came out: 
\sama- New from OpenAI: A contest to measure generalization 
\sama- Hiring: values first, aptitude second, specific skills third 
\sama- Obviously high-risk, but we're already in a super high-risk situation. 
\sama- I’m interested in genetically engineering plants to be much more efficient at photosynthesis and grow faster as a p… 
\sama- It always feels good in the moment--successful people are tripping over themselves trying to give you money, and yo… 
\sama- Founders raise 5x the dollars for 2x the ownership and think they're getting a great deal. It sneaks up on you as y… 
\sama- Startups: although it's become fashionable to raise way more money than you need and not worry too much about the d… 
\sama- Don't let the haters get you down: 
\sama- Congrats to @drewhouston and @arashf--we found the checks @jesslivingston wrote you in 2007 for YC! Long way since… 
\sama- The experience with credit bureaus after identity theft is comically bad! Sites don't work, if you call "expected w… 
\sama- You can succeed by being a mediocre manager and a great leader, or a great manager and a mediocre leader. Try to f… 
\sama- Learning to identify super talented people before everyone else does is one of the most valuable skills to develop. 
\sama- Related to that, you learn a lot more from successes than your failures. It is very easy to draw the wrong conclusions from failure. 
\sama- You can be wrong on a lot of decisions if you are really right on a few huge ones. Optimize for the magnitude of y… 
\sama- Without economic justice, it's hard to have justice at all. 
\sama- Read this article: 
\sama- This is a great paper: 
\sama- Is there really a big difference between bots that retweet fake news without thinking and humans who retweet first and think later? 
\sama- This is so much fake news, and such a reminder of the problems with clickbait journalism: 
\sama- I've wanted this for a long time: 
\sama- Rounds last 18-24 months no matter how much you raise. -@ekosz1 
\sama- pretty much the first day of summer! 
\sama- behind every "jk lol" there is a little bit of seriousness 
\sama- Astranis 'launches': 
\sama- I wonder how much cryptocurrency is slowing the rate of AI progress by wildly driving up the price of GPUs... 
\sama- Spring Discovery launches, applying machine learning to anti-aging and longevity (they're hiring!): 
\sama- this is cool! 
\sama- People understand the concept of priors well in theory but very rarely in practice. 
\sama- I am two years late to this, but I strongly recommend watching it: 
\sama- People who build tech have a role in combating digital disinformation. If you work in tech and have ideas, join… 
\sama- Today was the first day I fell for an AI-generated fake video with major geopolitical implications. Luckily the pe… 
\sama- 4) Whoever gets this to work will have a great business and have done an incredible service to the world--we have s… 
\sama- 3) I want to "charge up" my browser with $20, and then be able to pay a few cents for articles I want to read. This… 
\sama- 2) But what I think will be even more interesting (and is the idea I have most frequently heard @paulg try to get s… 
\sama- 1) There is some version of using compute to pay for content that I think will be interesting: 
\sama- Today felt like the start of the era where we expand beyond earth. 
\sama- that was a delicious beer. oh, and that launch/landing was pretty cool @elonmusk 
\sama- The most important thing to learn in school is that you can learn almost anything, and so you shouldn't let not kno… 
\sama- Sports-inspired thought that gets lost in business: Always assume your competitors are smart and will do smart things. 
\sama- Check out my sister on youtube! 
\sama- weather like this makes all my problems go away :D 
\sama- I am really excited for this: @gralston will teach you how to be a good startup investor! 
\sama- Focus on 100 users that love you, not one million who kind of like you. Enjoyed sharing one of @paultoo's best insi… 
\sama- Pattern I've noticed in very impactful people: Spend ~1 year exploring broadly, ~4 years relentless focus executing… 
\sama- "The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice." -MLK 
\sama- YC Bio (starting with longevity)! 
\sama- does that mean you're investing a little, or investing a lot? 
\sama- How things get done in the world: Relentless focus Self-confidence Personal connections Effective leadership (comm… 
\sama- YC W18 first dinner 
\sama- i have snatched defeat out of the jaws of victory 3 times this week &gt;:( 
\sama- either the recent silicon valley stories have gone hyperbolic, or i need cooler friends. my friends just drink la croix. 
\sama- i think i just woke up from a dream about an earthquake to an actual earthquake wtf! 
\sama- Annual goals are hard. Try monthly ones! Not so daunting and 12x the feeling of accomplishment. Amazing what you ca… 
\sama- "The inspired minority triumphs over the inert masses." -Napoleon Have a great 2018, startups! 
\sama- I think cryptocurrency is great, I just think checking the price 20 times a day is bad (which is tempting to do, be… 
\sama- the productivity the tech industry lost in 2017 because of people checking and thinking about the price of cryptocurrency is astonishing. 
\sama- I love this: 
\sama- Most careers turn into sales jobs when you get senior enough. 
\sama- I am late to the party, but Scoot so feels like the future. 
\sama- Anyone know a great artist/programmer who does work with LEDs? I'd like to commission a project. 
\sama- Anyone know a great artist/programmer who does work with LEDs? I'd like to commission a project. 
\sama- This is cool! 
\sama- A Clarification: 
\sama- .@highergroundlab is accepting applications for their 2018 accelerator cohort. If you know someone building a polit… 
\sama- Sad day for for a free and open internet :( 
\sama- E Pur Si Muove: 
\sama- New YC thing: Work at a Startup. 
\sama- but seriously im happy for the people that can now buy all the avocado toast they want! 
\sama- The Merge: 
\sama- my new favorite thing about bitcoin is that finally the wealth transfer arrow is going from boomers to millennials* (*until it crashes) 
\sama- OH: "The price of bitcoin is stable--it's the USD that's moving" 
\sama- American Equity: 
\sama- Can anyone recommend a good resource for basic financial advice I could share with people in their early twenties w… 
\sama- Excited for the new season of Masters of Scale with @reidhoffman--enjoyed being a guest! 
\sama- (But of course, they're often just wrong.) 
\sama- Corollary: the more someone gets attacked for a belief, the more you should pause to consider that it might be true. 
\sama- A thing I learned advising startups that generalizes: people get the most upset when you tell them true things they wish were false. 
\sama- awww @jaltma &lt;3 
\sama- Giant 3D printers are so cool! 
\sama- Logged into AIM for a break from reading YC apps. No one there. But those feels from seeing all the old screen names... 
\sama- I will never forget all the cryptic emo away messages. Sad day. 
\sama- I love this--it's such a clear and concise statement of why YC works. 
\sama- Y Combinator's Founding Principles: 
\sama- From a psychologist friend: "Adjusted for the subjective increase in how fast time passes, life is half over by 23 or 24. Don't waste time." 
\sama- "Is Y Combinator for me?" 
\sama- This is well worth reading: 
\sama- China is leaving Donald Trump's America behind: 
\sama- I was looking at the Statue of Liberty when I first heard that DACA was likely to be repealed. Felt so antithetical to America. 
\sama- To my friends here via DACA: I can't believe Trump is doing a political high-wire act with your lives. I'm so sorry. This is cruel. 
\sama- Delighted to be able to support @gracegarey and @ChaseAdam17's work: 
\sama- 1979 ABC total eclipse broadcast, about the one tomorrow: "May the shadow of the moon fall on a world at peace" 
\sama- Choose your colleagues carefully; you will end up caring what they care about. 
\sama- "On many sides" instead of "radical white supremacists" -the guy who said we'd solve the problem by calling it "radical Islamic terrorism" 
\sama- OpenAI team in SF watching the stream 
\sama- Watch OpenAI play Dota at The International: Good luck @gdb, Rafal, Jakub, Syzmon, and team! 
\sama- Housing Policy #3: Kill the high-speed rail; spend that money on local transit: 
\sama- Housing policy #2: "By Right". Make it easier to build more houses. 
\sama- If you elect a reality TV star as President, you can't be surprised when you get a reality TV show. 
\sama- Love these charts: 
\sama- Congrats Jack, Eric, and team! 
\sama- Estimated cost of trans service members is less than a couple of Trump's trips to Mar-a-Lago: 
\sama- This should lead to less demand and lower prices, and we can use the new revenue for affordable housing. 
\sama- Here's # 1: tax on foreign buyers of CA real estate who are using it as a way to invest and not a place to live: 
\sama- Going to put out 4 California housing policy suggestions over the next 4 weeks, and potentially run one as a ballot initiative. 
\sama- But the generational wealth transfer has gone on long enough and it's time for new solutions. 
\sama- And people who already own homes here probably have to accept that their homes won't increase in value 20% every year... 
\sama- The bay area cost of living doesn't have to be as egregious as it is. Massive failure of policy and politicians is denying people a future. 
\sama- It's easy to feel like there is no innovation left and the leaders are set, but that's never true. 
\sama- Somewhere in the world, an unknown young person is probably starting a company now that will eventually be as big as today's tech giants. 
\sama- The United Slate, a new effort to recruit California candidates: 
\sama- The United Slate: 
\sama- "1 Truckload" (4.2 million sheets!) of paper is $19,999, but at least it is Prime-eligible. 
\sama- Me either. It will be an early example of AI controlling us. Maybe we just all learn to only trust cryptographica… 
\sama- Pull Requests: 
\sama- I am thankful to @sarahcuda for pointing me to this: Please check it out and consider donating. 
\sama- Thank you to all the women who have spoken up about the harassment they've faced; change will happen because of you. 
\sama- The women of YC at the Female Founders Conference yesterday: 
\sama- Enjoyed @StevenLevy's once-every-5-years update on Y Combinator: 
\sama- I fucking hate outrage Twitter it's the literal worst thing ever UGH 
\sama- Asked smart political friend why we keep losing: "Liberal Dems have no economic plan, and progressive Dems can't stop fighting each other." 
\sama- The Quantum Computing Factory Taking On Google and IBM: 
\sama- Thank you @UWaterloo for awarding me an honorary doctorate today! Special school. 
\sama- Startup School presentations are up: Huge thanks to @svkpham, @finbarr, and the advisors for making this happen! 
\sama- Please join us for Startup School Presentation Day on Friday: 
\sama- Startup School 18: How to Raise Money, and How to Succeed Long-Term: 
\sama- Restocks launches a marketplace! Gonna be rough for my sneaker habit. 
\sama- Startup School live office hours with @daltonc and @ilikevests: 
\sama- YC Startup School: 
\sama- Startup School 16: @anuhariharan interviews @vkhosla! 
\sama- Startup School 15: @KatManalac + co on Diversity and Inclusion! 
\sama- "It's been a strong recovery in the last two minutes" -@jaltma 
\sama- Jack and Max are literally walking around the house saying "good print" about Ethereum ticks... 🤔 
\sama- Startup School 14: How to Think about PR 
\sama- Join the YC Software team: 
\sama- Startup School 13: How To Find Product/Market Fit. Excellent! 
\sama- This is a big deal: 
\sama- Part II of Alan Kay's lecture: 
\sama- Alan Kay at Startup School! Excellent lecture. 
\sama- This is egregious: 
\sama- Alan Kay at Startup School! 
\sama- bitcoin rallies are so fun 
\sama- I am pleased to announce I am starting a new cryptocurrency. I am calling it Alt-coin. 
\sama- Startup School live office hours with @nolimits and @avichal: 
\sama- Also, worth nothing that a huge number of households went from 1 income -&gt; 2 incomes from 1950 to 2014, so numbers even worse than they look 
\sama- To say nothing of why so many graduates seem unprepared for the jobs of today. 
\sama- One thing that gets lost in the paying for college debate is how it got so expensive!! That would be a good thing to fix. 
\sama- Median college tuition/household income in 1950: .18 Median college tuition/household income in 2014: .79 
\sama- Median home price/household income in 1950: 2.2 Median home price/household income in 2014: 3.7 
\sama- People who are mean on the internet but claim to be nice in person are like people who are nice to their friends and mean to servicepeople. 
\sama- Masters of Scale hosted by @reidhoffman has launched. I will be on a later episode. Check it out! 
\sama- Startup School 9: Alex Schultz, How To Grow. Extremely good! 
\sama- Young people in CA are getting denied a future: 
\sama- 6/ Thanks very, very much to everyone who has contributed and helped so far! 
\sama- 5/ Even in these uncertain times, I believe tech employees have a huge amount of power to affect change and company behavior. 
\sama- 4/ Followed closely by fair jobs and environmental issues, and then a very long list of other important issues beyond those. 
\sama- 3/ There were many, many important issues and it was difficult to figure out where to start. Data privacy and immigration had most consensus 
\sama- 2/We decided it made sense to do in several stages. Here's the current draft of the first one. Please give feedback! 
\sama- 1/ Over the past couple of months, I've been talking to a lot of tech workers about the values they'd like to see their companies commit to. 
\sama- 100 Days In Reflection: 
\sama- 100 Days In Reflection: 
\sama- YC innovation: paying for founders to fly to meet us. Other investors didn't do this; many of our best founders couldnt have come otherwise. 
\sama- Learned today at Startup School: when FB changed text from "Advertise" to "Create an ad", click rate went up 40%! Words matter... 
\sama- Jan Koum with an incredible lecture about product and WhatsApp: 
\sama- 2017 is 1/3 over 
\sama- And I'm not quite sure exactly what he did to The Swamp, but it seems like it was the opposite of draining it. 
\sama- He did do a lot of things related to immigration, though the effectiveness is still unclear. 
\sama- He did nothing at all on the Economic Policy, Education, and Healthcare sections. 
\sama- And I appreciate the courts protecting us from the attempted abuses of our Constitution and laws. 
\sama- He delivered on almost none of his headline promises, which I'm happy about. Let the man play golf! 
\sama- Our 100-day project to track Trump's progress over his first 100 days is now over: 
\sama- Friend: "I've noticed that all casual photos of you at your desk have multiple La Croix cans in them" cc @justinkan 
\sama- This is such a problem: 
\sama- AMZN stock is up 37x since 2006. 
\sama- Startup School Lecture 7: Product with @jasonlk, @solomonstre, @Tracy_Young, @harryzhang: 
\sama- And a _huge_ third one, which a lot of poker players claim to understand but don't and definitely most investors don't, is implied odds 
\sama- A close second is that even if you bet correctly, you lose a lot of hands on river suck-outs but win in the long run 
\sama- Learned a lot of things about investing from playing poker, but the most valuable one is the importance of acting with imperfect information 
\sama- Aaron Levie at Startup School! 
\sama- If men could get pregnant, I'm confident we wouldn't be debating if reproductive rights are an acceptable tradeoff for a 50 state strategy. 
\sama- A reminder that Trump, who now gets so upset when people question his legitimacy, effectively led the movement questioning Obama's US birth. 
\sama- I have never, ever seen calling people idiots work as a way to get them to change their mind. 
\sama- Quora: 
\sama- i thought getting old would take longer 
\sama- Startup School 5, great product I: 
\sama- How do I officially propose we name the generation after Gen Z "the selfie generation"? 
\sama- Startup School 4, office hours: 
\sama- Also seems like lots are started by people still running startups, which is such a crazy misalignment I'm surprised it's so prevalent. 
\sama- Feels like there are more seed funds than startups starting (which seems deeply broken) 
\sama- PG making friends on the internet: 
\sama- New post on how WeChat grew by my partner @AnuHariharan: 
\sama- Class 3--great insights from @stewart and @adamdangelo on ideas and metrics! 
\sama- Effectively all really successful YC companies added a great outside board member early on. Current weak/no board convention scares me. 
\sama- What is this deeply unfamiliar feeling of being relatively caught up on things for the first time in years? 
\sama- Startup School Lecture 2: Kirsty Nathoo on Startup Mechanics 
\sama- An unsupervised learning result from OpenAI!! 
\sama- 4) All the content in the class is available, and we still want to help you any way we can. And most of all, we want to see you succeed! 
\sama- 3) In future iterations, we'll plan for more scale. This time around, please don't let not getting into Startup School get you down. 
\sama- 2) There were more than 10,000 companies we didn't have enough advisors for :( I'm confident that some of these will be mega successes. 
\sama- 1) Although I'm very excited about Startup School, I am bummed that we totally underestimated the level of interest. 
\sama- Startup School first lecture is up, and the speaker list: 
\sama- I wonder which elite university will be the first to drop legacy consideration from admissions. 
\sama- Tech Workers' Values: 
\sama- Spent the last 3 days meeting founders in London and Paris. Amazing to see how far the startup ecosystems have come here in past few years! 
\sama- Former FCC head on your privacy got sold to ISPs: 
\sama- Someone is sending phishing emails from samhaltman@gmail.com pretending to be me. It isn't. 
\sama- I love seeing companies give back to open source software: 
\sama- Excited to get more involved with Boom! 
\sama- OpenAI has a new website: 
\sama- As a podcast fan, excited for this YC co that launched today! 
\sama- Excited to speak at Commonwealth Club next month! 
\sama- YC W17 Group 1 &lt;3! 
\sama- Happy to announce the first-ever official vertical at YC: 
\sama- Piece of advice I heard in high school I've never forgotten: "Successful people aren't smarter than you, they're just way more persistent." 
\sama- Beek (current YC batch) launches! 
\sama- Keep the Internet Open: 
\sama- reddit is now a top 5 site in the US! 
\sama- tomorrow is my favorite day of the year! 
\sama- Greg: 
\sama- Also, if you'd like to offer a deal (hosting credits, software, etc) to people in the class, please email startupschool@ycombinator.com 
\sama- More than 10,000 signups for the YC MOOC in the first few hours. Whoa. 
\sama- Delighted to be working with @finbarr who made all the software and @svkpham who is running the class. 
\sama- We are trying to replicate a lot of the YC program online, for free, for everyone. 10 weeks starting early April. 
\sama- Excited to announce YC's online class! 
\sama- Dilution 
\sama- "You can always tell the man off tomorrow, if it is such a good idea." 
\sama- This is an extremely long read, but few things have helped me understand the world more: 
\sama- First month in review for the Trump administration: 
\sama- (Forget where I first heard this, and definitely not my original thought, but was just struck by how true it was as I wrote a talk.) 
\sama- You can approximately predict how well a field is doing by its willingness to accept contributions from outsiders. 
\sama- I really wish Twitter would let you fix typos in tweets 
\sama- The SF city budget is bigger than the budget of ~100 countries! (doesn't even count what gets spent for SF residents by state/country) 
\sama- How to Build the Future with @drewhouston! 
\sama- What I Heard From Trump Supporters: 
\sama- One of the best hires I ever made was a woman whose reference said "I wouldn't hire her, she sees sexism everywhere" 
\sama- Adora made this: 
\sama- Now that everyone has gone from saying "tech is in a bubble" to "tech is definitely not in a bubble", maybe it's time to worry? 
\sama- For all the noise, Trump hasn't actually done very much yet: 
\sama- Hivy launches: 
\sama- This company is in my group in the current YC batch. They are great! 
\sama- YC 2017 Annual Letter: 
\sama- Truths are more dangerous than lies. 
\sama- If Republicans in Congress don't push for an investigation of Trump/Russia, they have chosen party over country and failed us all. 
\sama- Yes, Comey alerting people too quickly and without certainty would undermine the FBI...wait a minute... 
\sama- I remember watching Trump's reaction to this and thinking we were missing a lot of the story: 
\sama- 5/ If you ask your VC "do you have any incentives that might be misaligned with mine", a good one will be honest with you. 
\sama- 4/ (e.g., they're about to raise a new fund and need it for LP marketing) 
\sama- 3/ Sometimes a VC does something that makes no sense to you (pushing you to raise at a high mark-up) because of something you don't see 
\sama- 2/ Remember that VCs serve two constituencies: their founders, and their LPs. 
\sama- 1/ All of the weird behavior I saw from VCs when I was running my startup could be explained with this: 
\sama- Had a bad dream about this last night. Makes me deeply worried about our safety. 
\sama- I can't wrap my head around the fact that Trump will be gloating with an "I told you so, blame the judges" if there's a terror attack. 
\sama- "Breakthrough Internet Communications Device" still doesn't sound any better to me though... 
\sama- Want to feel old? The first iPhone was announced more than 10 years ago. 
\sama- "I Helped Create the Milo Trolling Playbook. You Should Stop Playing Right Into It." 
\sama- YC Research: Universal Healthcare 
\sama- Deja vu aside, this still could never be worse than my election party tho 
\sama- Quote and source in one tweet: 
\sama- (Source was article I tweeted, which is well worth a read: 
\sama- Still can't wrap my head around this... 
\sama- I am done trusting the media when they say 90+% chance of something i want. 
\sama- This is amazingly sourced and written: 
\sama- Also, I love their superbowl commercial. 
\sama- So proud of @Airbnb for planning to provide housing to 100,000 people in need in the next 5 years. Thanks for your leadership. #weaccept 
\sama- You should always be if goal is to optimize, or to get your product to work at all. Easy to waste effort on former w/no hope for latter. 
\sama- If users don't like your product, trying to improve your metrics a little bit by fixing your conversion funnel won't save you. 
\sama- Common mistake early startups make: trying to improve product metrics 10% when they need a 10,000% improvement. 
\sama- "Populism can only survive amid polarization" 
\sama- "I didn't vote for Hillary because she was in bed with Wall Street, used private email, didn't give enough security to our people abroad..." 
\sama- This is cool from a current YC company! 
\sama- Sorry for the tweet spam! didn't realize whale was tweeting every answer. AMA continuing in the whale app! 
\sama- 🐳 "What's the best thing you learned from Paul Graham?" #AskWhale 
\sama- Re-reading this book tonight. It's incredible. 
\sama- .@knowtheory some reporters covering this havent heard of yc before today :) 
\sama- Clarification on ACLU: YC is giving them money (and people to help out), not the other way around. 
\sama- 2/ got delayed (maybe cancelled?) because Trump could sense the reaction storm brewing from the response to the leaks. 
\sama- 1/ Small win: apparently the anti-LGBT EO, which people in the admin were trying to get out before the prayer breakfast later this week, 
\sama- Request for Startups: News, Jobs and Democracy 
\sama- 25 YC founders offered to go help at the ACLU in the first 30 mins since I sent the email. ❤our community. 
\sama- Welcome, ACLU: 
\sama- A great side project from @danielgross : 
\sama- .@SallyQYates, @ycombinator and many others would be delighted to give you a job and resources to continue your work defending American law. 
\sama- Acting AG says Justice Dept will not defend Friday's executive order. Has that happened before? 
\sama- This is an extreme first world problem, but I'd really love to stop getting pitched at protests. Kinda kills the vibe. 
\sama- Interesting to see where the Trump admin is focusing so far. Almost nothing on econ policy, education, healthcare: 
\sama- Navigating Mid-Success: 
\sama- Apparently the source has been reliable in the past, but also said it could still change or not happen. 
\sama- Heard from two jouralists who have seen a leaked draft of an anti-LGBT executive order that is apparently pretty bad :( 
\sama- Five dead in Quebec City mosque shooting: 
\sama- (The reason it feels less safe is Steve Bannon's stated goal to destroy the state, not Muslim immigrants.) 
\sama- The US feels less safe to me now than it has in a very long time. 
\sama- 
\sama- Word at SFO is that everyone detained here has been released! 
\sama- POTUS sets an example for the rest of the world. We will now get worldwide divisiveness and instability, because that's what Bannon wants. 
\sama- From Obama's National Security Advisor: 
\sama- Whoa: 
\sama- #SFOprotest 
\sama- "This is what Democracy looks like" @ SFO protest 
\sama- Federal Court Halts Trump's Immigration Ban: 
\sama- TFW someone emails you to say "instead of being all talk you should take action like this" and sends a link to a website you helped build... 
\sama- .@davemcclure 
\sama- Time to Take a Stand: 
\sama- My friends just launched this, and it's great: 
\sama- New timeline view: (follow @track_trump for updates) 
\sama- Surreal to watch Trump's people get mad at questioning the legitimacy of Pres Trump after he drove the effort to question Obama's birth cert 
\sama- 3 "this is our president now" tweets and 1 wistful suggestion... 
\sama- More terrifying than Trump intentionally lying all the time is the possibility that he actually believes it all. 
\sama- on the positive side, though, the pictures of the marches were the best thing i've seen on social media in a long time. 
\sama- i got chills twice today, once from pictures of the women's marches and once from the white house press secretary angrily warning the media. 
\sama- .@mrdpa designed and coded by @gkoberger who is just ridiculously talented and fast. 
\sama- We will monitor what the admin does vs stated promises and try to ignore political theater as much as possible. 
\sama- Mad scramble w/Greg, Alec, and Peter to get this together in the past couple of weeks. Hope you like it! 
\sama- New project: Dashboard and daily update to see how Trump does against his stated goals in first 100 days. 
\sama- This is the most amazing tech demonstration i've seen in a long time! 
\sama- Is anyone making a good short-distance personal transport drone/quadcopter? YC would like to fund if so! cc @gralston 
\sama- putting the finishing touches on the YC MOOC! w/@snowmaker @finbarr and @svkpham 
\sama- OH: "Trump will either finish 0 terms, or 7." 
\sama- Over the past several months i have had a non-stop addition of fake twitter followers. Anyone know what this is about? 
\sama- This is extremely true: I used to post my best advice online; now I just tell it to friends. 
\sama- Defining the CTO role at @OpenAI, from @gdb: 
\sama- Affordable Care: 
\sama- Welcome Daniel, Nicole, Stephanie, Steven and Tatyana! 
\sama- Unclear which of being sick or nyquil nightmares is worse... 
\sama- Update: now all the bitcoin people are bullish again too :) 
\sama- It's amazing how noticeable the distraction of the internet is when you've been mostly off of it for 10 days 
\sama- Very fortunate to work with such an amazing team, to say nothing of the founders we fund. 
\sama- Always easy to get dragged down by daily difficulties, but looking back on the year, I'm so proud of what the YC team accomplished in 2016! 
\sama- Don't fall for it, and be especially wary of people who behave like extremists while claiming to be centrists. 
\sama- The hallmarks of political extremism in any direction are the same--fear, absolute statements, vigorous assertion of lies, and intolerance. 
\sama- 1) Will this company build something lots of people will really love? 2) Will it be easy to copy? 3) Are these founders forces of nature? 
\sama- My diligence questions: (this is probably my most valuable tweet of 2016) 
\sama- (https://t.co/ACz0628rqa) 
\sama- "Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing..I think you will probably be rewarded mightily" 
\sama- A thing Trump said earlier this year, before suggesting that Russian election meddling is a ridiculous conspiracy: 
\sama- Advice from security expert friend: "I guess just pray you're not important enough for them to drop a zero-day on you" 
\sama- When the Fed hikes today, it will only be the second time in _ten years_. 
\sama- The Shiller PE ratio is higher than it's been any time other than the 1929 and 2000 peaks: 
\sama- "All the best things that I did at Apple came from (a) not having money and (b) not having done it before, ever." 
\sama- 
\sama- "In 1970, 92% of American 30-year-olds earned more than their parents did at a similar age, they found. In 2014, that number fell to 51.% " 
\sama- Overuse of outrage is dangerous like overuse of antibiotics. There is much to be truly outraged about. Use it wisely, so it works. 
\sama- From Helion board meeting in Redmond today. V cool to see a private company w/relatively modest funding make such p… 
\sama- Personal finance tip from old woman next to me on flight:"Buy less shit you don't need and can't afford. And that goes for the country too." 
\sama- "I wanna work 100 hours/week on something but I don't know what" "I have an amazing idea but I don't want to work hard, what should I do?" 
\sama- Two of the most common categories when I get asked for career advice: 
\sama- Twitter diplomacy seems about as likely to work as any sort of other nuanced conversation on Twitter. 
\sama- This is a big deal: 
\sama- Digital addiction is going to be one of the great mental health crises of our time. 
\sama- OH: "People either get shit done or they don't. And it's easy to be tricked because they can sound so smart but never actually do anything." 
\sama- Hiring people with a strong sense of entitlement very rarely works out, no matter how good they are on other axes 
\sama- Wrote a year ago when everyone was top-calling. Interesting which things have changed and which are still accurate: 
\sama- Great blog post from Ali! 
\sama- The San Francisco city budget is bigger than the budget of 13 states: 
\sama- .@telisdemos To be fair, Pando was right that $1.75B was the wrong price for Stripe in 2014: 
\sama- On Thanksgiving eve, some good news to be thankful for: 
\sama- Working on the syllabus for the YC Startup MOOC. I'd love suggestions on topics to cover and guest speakers to invite! Thanks. 
\sama- Before you grow: 
\sama- If this is what he says about someone who asks people to stop booing and says "sir", how is he going to react to ac… 
\sama- Welcome Aaaron, Gustaf, Lyle, Immad, and Marcus! 
\sama- Tonight we cry, we despair, and we fear. Tomorrow we get back to work trying to build the world we want. 
\sama- Van Jones is amazing on CNN right now. 
\sama- .@govoteplz team: it was a pleasure working with and meeting all of you. next time :/ 
\sama- Read this: 
\sama- i've never felt as alone in a room full of people as i do right now 
\sama- i'd like to wake up now please 
\sama- unpleasant reminder: polling error often correlates :( 
\sama- Can't remember the last time i felt so anxious :( 
\sama- The first S&amp;P circuitbreaker is at down 7% for anyone curious :( 
\sama- As horrible as this election cycle has been, spending time at the polling place on my block this morning was a pretty awesome feeling. 
\sama- If your candidate wins tonight, be humble. We go back to being one country. 
\sama- This is a moment where parties are weak and partisanship is strong: 
\sama- Great new tool from VotePlz: Remind your friends in swing states to vote! 
\sama- Take 30 seconds and screenshot your polling location in case the internet is down on election day: Cheap insurance. 
\sama- Don't waste your vote: 
\sama- Still October and i have already set a 2017 resolution: stop saying "um" and "like" so much. so painful to listen to a recording of myself! 
\sama- people often criticize you most for what they most wish they had in themselves 
\sama- Help Your Users Vote! @govoteplz built a bunch of tools: 
\sama- You may be able to vote early! Find out here: 
\sama- .@gdb sends me his rescuetime screenshots occasionally and i always feel like such a slacker... 
\sama- "What's you number one piece of hiring advice?" "Hire for slope, not Y-intercept. This is actually my number one piece of life advice." 
\sama- OH: "when he gets too depressed about the election he sits around and manipulates the price of bitcoin for stress relief". 
\sama- I think this really is the best political sketch of the year: 
\sama- check out Henry Chu at San Francisco Barber Shop for the best haircuts in SF! You can book with him on @getsquire 
\sama- The danger with raising a lot of money is that you can start buying a lot of ego validation. 
\sama- What is the chance that the internet in the US works without interruption on election day? 
\sama- We could use good news these days. Please be true, please be true, please be true: 
\sama- "California will have to build about 3.5 million homes over the next eight years, more than triple its current pace" 
\sama- This is interesting: 
\sama- Learn to say yes when an amazing opportunity presents itself, even if you're not 100% sure how to do it. You can learn along the way. 
\sama- As startups have become a resume item, "Does this company seem authentic?" has become one of my most important filters. 
\sama- Congrats @harjeet and @triple_byte, this is awesome! 
\sama- this is the best thing i've read in the internet in a long time. 
\sama- VotePlz, a two month old organization, registered 0.65% of all the millennials registered in Florida! 
\sama- 2/ I wouldn't have thought that was possible 15 years ago. We've come a long way. 
\sama- 1/ To take a break and point out something awesome: it looks like a black man and a woman are going to be back-to-back presidents. 
\sama- State registration deadlines: 
\sama- The 2016 Election: 
\sama- Back to work tomorrow on a new project to stop Trump. 
\sama- Ok I'm gonna do that self-care thing and take a nice bath. Peace and love to all of you, and I look forward to getting through this. 
\sama- Here is the best recent article I've read on the election: 
\sama- Trying to figure out a more nuanced way to say it. 
\sama- Note: I took a cheap shot at Trump at the end of my Tweetstorm which felt good but I regret and deleted. 
\sama- 10) All that said, I understand why emotions are as high as they are about this, and I understand though disagree with people who cut ties. 
\sama- 9) Sometimes the hardest and most important thing is to sit down with a friend and try to teach instead of yelling. 
\sama- 8) I don't ascribe all beliefs politicians hold to their supporters, although sometimes that really gets tested. 
\sama- 7) Also, PG and I have contibutred more this election cycle than Peter has (as far as we know). 
\sama- 6) Diversity of opinion is painful but critical to the health of a democratic society. We can't start purging people for political support. 
\sama- 5) Cutting off opposing viewpoints leads to extremism and will not get us the country we want. 
\sama- 4) We need to talk to each other more, not less. Most people think roughly half the country is severely misguided. 
\sama- 3.5) That's a dangerous path to start down. 
\sama- 3) Thiel is a high profile supporter of Trump. I disagree with this. YC is not going to fire someone for supporting a major party nominee. 
\sama- 2) I think he's absuvie, erratic, and prone to fits or rage. I think he is unfit to be President and would be a threat to national security. 
\sama- 1) I am voting against Trump because I believe the principles he stands for represent an unacceptable threat to America. 
\sama- 0/ Official YC post coming in the next couple of days, but to make my personal beliefs clear: 
\sama- To make my own views on Trump clear, here is my post from early this summer. I feel even more strongly now. 
\sama- .@Pinboard I'd like to hear what you think. Do you think we should fire Peter over his support of Trump? 
\sama- .@dhh complain to me, not @paulg. post coming, but a) i find Trump repugnant and b) YC not going to fire someone over support of a candidate 
\sama- Congrats @jaltma on a dope product: 
\sama- Actually surreal to actually see this on an actual ballot. Felt for half a second like a bad dream. 
\sama- Unlike other elections, I cannot imagine either candidate giving a concession speech on Nov 8. I wonder if there just won't be one. 
\sama- This is fun to tweet about and be outraged about, but remember that this is real life, not reality TV. We should be ashamed not entertained. 
\sama- Trump scowling and pacing behind Clinton just keeps getting more hair-raising to watch, especially when he threatens to jail her if he wins. 
\sama- "She can do many more commercials than me." "I have TEN BILLION dollars." 
\sama- Trump's body language and facial expressions are so menacing tonight. Not what you want from a leader in a tough spot. 
\sama- I will too, but I will especially remember those who spoke out before it was safe/conventional to do so. 
\sama- A high guy at a party just said to me "whoa dude are you, like, that shadow king of reddit who emerges once a year to speak to us?" 
\sama- .@nickfrey @washingtonpost this is not just lewd; this is saying if you're famous you can do whatever you want with women 
\sama- I love the first time the Blue Angels fly low over the office and hate the 10th time 
\sama- Wow, this is really bad. Leaving aside for moment the much larger long-term structural problem, what happened in t… 
\sama- .@realDonaldTrump "people are saying" is your specialty! 
\sama- Hard Tech Startups: 
\sama- I think the cost of education is out of control, and so is the quality of living on many campuses...maybe related. 
\sama- and the next about how their dorms, which are nicer than most luxury hotels, weren't nice enough. And the food (which is extremely good). 
\sama- Surreal moment talking w/a bunch of college kids one minute talking about how the price of college was out of control... 
\sama- Doing an AMA about applying to YC: 
\sama- .@jaltma interviewed me! 
\sama- .@elonmusk i am off the hook excited for this 
\sama- It's National Voter Registration Day. Get registered in two minutes: 
\sama- If Trump had ever believed, before last year, he could be President, he would have paid some taxes. He must be as surprised as many of us. 
\sama- US equities futures say Clinton won the debate 
\sama- "What are your best attributes?" "My temperament. And FUCK YOU!" 
\sama- .@AriX @nickfrey @conradev just released the @govoteplz iOS app and it's great! Take a pic of your DL and register: 
\sama- I feel like a kid on Christmas Eve waiting for tomorrow's @SpaceX announcement. 
\sama- $1 Million VotePlz Sweepstakes: 
\sama- "And the third bubble is the government bubble...there is no fourth" 
\sama- Happy to share that @govoteplz is partnering with @quizlet! Thanks @asuth 
\sama- Startup School 2016 livestream here: 
\sama- (Here's the leaderboard: 
\sama- We have a new leaderboard at VotePlz and I'd like to be in the lead. Please use this link to register to vote! 
\sama- I get so happy whenever these guys post an update: 
\sama- I interviewed @elonmusk and it's really interesting: 
\sama- Incredible foresight, even for PG. 
\sama- New @OpenAI building! 
\sama- Big news, very excited for @mwseibel: 
\sama- This is amazingly cool: 
\sama- One more thing about @govoteplz -- the team that built it is amazing! They went from nothing to a great product in 3 weeks. 
\sama- The goal of VotePlz is to make voting super easy. We'll even mail you a form+stamp if you need it: 
\sama- The VotePlz office late last night: 
\sama- Voting is really important. Here is a new thing I helped support to make it easier: Please RT! 
\sama- This team (https://t.co/xxVB1HpWpX) went on to create two (liquid) unicorns and two YC partners. 
\sama- Infrastructure for Deep Learning: 
\sama- Jessica Livingston on How To Build The Future: 
\sama- Continuum runs from world-weary 22 year old w/super strong feelings about everything to billionaire legend who always says "I don't know" 
\sama- The best investors speak with the least confidence about the future of the world. 
\sama- 5/ I also think Clinton should release transcripts from her speeches to financial institutions. 
\sama- 4/ I asked many people, and as far as I heard this isn't illegal for the IRS to do. If it is, then obviously this is a bad plan. 
\sama- 3/ And he's said many times he'll release when the audit is complete, so if he doesn't, it'd be reasonable to assume he's hiding something. 
\sama- 2/ Even though he can release his returns under audit, and there's precedent for this, it seems like he won't. 
\sama- 1/ The IRS should drop Trump's audit in the interest of citizens being able to make a fully informed choice in this election. 
\sama- Yuck: Completely false that people will stop being VCs if they have to pay the same tax rate as engineers. 
\sama- (And certainly never "we're a big company that acts like a big company.") 
\sama- Although you hear "we're a big company that acts like a startup", you never hear "we're a startup that acts like a big company". 
\sama- Obvious thing that took me awhile to learn: way more important for an investment to go up 10x more in value than to pay 10% less 
\sama- OH: "I feel like I'm the only founder here without a fund on the side. But at least my company is doing well..." 
\sama- There were 1,332 investor/company meetings that happened at YC Investor Day today. 
\sama- 4 of the 5 most valuable public companies in the world are located in either the bay area or Seattle area! 
\sama- Don't read the comments: 
\sama- Making it clear to a founder that someone believes in him/her, and the idea, is one of the most valuable things a startup investor does. 
\sama- How To Build The Future, with Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Jessica Livingston, Peter Thiel and more: 
\sama- Important enough to come out of hiatus for one tweet: 
\sama- 4/* I meant "I learn more about the world in other ways" 
\sama- 7/ Meanwhile, I'm reachable lots and lots of other ways. 
\sama- 6/ I believe Twitter can fix the product and community issues, and I hope they do. Twitter should be a jewel of the Internet! 
\sama- 5/ I’d like to use Twitter in a more limited way, but it’s extremely addictive. So I need to take awhile off first to break the cycle :) 
\sama- 4/ I feel worse after using Twitter. Importantly, I learn more about the way in other ways—my brain gets polluted here. 
\sama- 3/ Even Presidential candidates cannot resist the urge to troll on Twitter! 
\sama- 2/ The platform rewards negativity and snark. There are occasional attacks on me and a lot on my friends. Outrage does too well on Twitter. 
\sama- 1/ I’m quitting Twitter for awhile. There are wonderful things about it (esp. giving people a voice), but I’m tired of the bad things. 
\sama- 'We're in a bubble' 
\sama- Long way to go... 
\sama- I have been without access to email for half a day and it's been the most productive time in recent memory. 
\sama- It takes a lot for Trump to shock me, but implying that Obama is somehow connected to terrorist attacks sure does it... 
\sama- This is great from @jesslivingston: 
\sama- 6/ once you've got something people love, you can scale quickly. if you scale the company up before that, hard to get to that point later. 
\sama- 5/ attention, and c) it makes it harder for the company to iterate extremely quickly because there's more stuff going on and people around 
\sama- 4/ BTW, the reason doing things other than making a product users love is a mistake--a) it ups burn, b) it distracts you and divides... 
\sama- 3/ Nearly every company at some point thinks they are the exception to the "keep burn low" rule; nearly every company later regrets that. 
\sama- 2/ If you haven't yet built a product some people love, and you're working on something else, it's almost certainly a waste of time. 
\sama- 1/ Two super important messages for startups I repeat on most days: 
\sama- Today or course, potential presidents just try to out-troll each other on Twitter. 
\sama- This was written 23 years ago from one President to another. I love it. 
\sama- Someone with a sense of humor yelled "nice shoes" just before this photo was taken: 
\sama- Trying to decide if I should spend tomorrow morning helping YC startups or shoe shopping. It's a really tough call. 
\sama- The Vatican is amazingly beautiful. 
\sama- Dear @gizmodo, my shoes are fabulous. Thanks for the suggestion on big boy shoes but I'm not quite ready. xoxo, sam 
\sama- We found somewhere nice for the meeting across the street. London is a great city, though I'd much rather live in SF. 
\sama- To be totally clear on this Ritz thing: I fully support their right to enforce a dress code, and my right to wear cool shoes. 
\sama- .@LukasThoms no, but i don't want someone to be in charge of what's offensive and what isn't, because content will get lost. 
\sama- 4/ There is a big world out there. Listen to other people. Usually they will be wrong. But still resist desire to first react with outrage. 
\sama- 3/ People say offensive shit to me all the time. 99% of the time it is crap. The 1% of the time it changes my mind is really important. 
\sama- 2/ I predict that the combo of the extreme self-focus of selfie culture/social media and the "right not to be offended" is gonna go badly 
\sama- 1/ It is time for my first-ever #getoffmylawn tweet 
\sama- Low point: turned down at the bar of the Ritz for a meeting because I'm wearing "sport shoes" 
\sama- High point of time in London: "Newton would have been proud to hear that talk given here." @ the Royal Instituion 
\sama- Re-poll: 
\sama- Baby The Donald!!! 
\sama- (BTW, these came from suggestions from friends. Would love to hear other ideas.) 
\sama- Which is the most effective nickname for Trump? (cc @paulg) 
\sama- I'm not sure if it's cause or effect that young founders who get a lot of press before succeeding tend to fail, but wise to avoid. 
\sama- 3/ This author wrote a book (!) on a Thiel Fellow who was working on fusion (though he seems to have been inactive recently). 
\sama- 2/ Man, I wish Peter funded StemCentrx or Helion or something like that...oh wait... 
\sama- 1/ Thiel-bashing: "We don’t have enough of the desperately needed inventions—nuclear fusion energy or cancer cures" 
\sama- The right answer to many problems faced by a startup is "do less things". Very rarely the option the CEO chooses. 
\sama- Please help tell @JerryBrownGov we need affordable housing in the Bay Area by right. Contact your legislators! 
\sama- Please help tell @JerryBrownGov we need affordable housing in the Bay Area by right. Contact your legislators! 
\sama- My plan was/is always just not to crash it: 
\sama- "I'm on an email list of people who think the BI experiment is awesome but don't want to support YC in any way and don't know what to do." 
\sama- I'm speaking about YC in Krakow, Paris, and London over the next week: 
\sama- 5/ And I think we need something like basic income to have a cushion and a smooth transition to the jobs of the future. 
\sama- 4/ But without something like basic income, I don't think we can really have equality of opportunity. 
\sama- 3/ We'll be able to afford to eliminate poverty in that world. 
\sama- 2/ In a world where technology eliminates jobs, it will mean that the cost of having a great life goes down a lot. 
\sama- 1/ Important point: basic income is not socialism. Basic income provides a floor, and then people can get as rich as they want. 
\sama- Moving Forward on Basic Income: 
\sama- Bernie at the Warriors game, Where's Waldo style. 
\sama- Game 7! 
\sama- Surely there should be at least a passing mention of Carlos Slim in here? Or maybe he just doesn't influence NYT? 
\sama- Very hard to learn to say no to the pretty good ideas to save focus for the great ones. 
\sama- To the Lagrange L2! 
\sama- "Students who profess a belief in the importance of feeling safe at home marched on their house" 
\sama- Alt view 3: the other real problem is that not enough of us are willing to pay for news, so we get the click-bait ad-driven news we deserve. 
\sama- From 10 months ago: 
\sama- "My mind still cannot wrap itself around the fact that Nick Denton is mad at someone for being a mean, vindictive, bully. Does not compute." 
\sama- .@yaelwrites when press steps out of line, public figures should call them out. checks &amp; balances are good. wish Peter was open from start. 
\sama- .@yaelwrites people should be responsible for their actions. when public figures step out of line, press needs to call them out. 
\sama- "Personally, I strongly support free speech except when I don't like it or it hurts my feelings or it offends me." 
\sama- 6) in the way of complexity and nuance vs. outrage and clicks/likes, the latter usually wins :( :( :( 
\sama- 3) companies should be punished for breaking laws 4) peter is one of the most amazing people i've ever met 5) the legal system is screwed up 
\sama- 1) it'd be bad if rich people could start silencing the media 2) gawker is disgusting for outing people, publishing sex tapes, etc. 
\sama- In contrast to all the absolutes on thiel/gawker/hogan, how about this: 
\sama- I'd love to see 1% of the outrage the press is directing at Gawker and/or Peter go to the fact that our legal system is controlled by $$$. 
\sama- Alt view 2: good property of the US that even brilliant, powerful billionaires cannot take down an enemy unless they break a major law. 
\sama- Alternate view: the real problem is that our legal system requires the backing of a billionaire to get justice for a major crime. 
\sama- Housing in the Bay Area: 
\sama- What if a bot could run New Zealand? 
\sama- Asian-American Groups Seek Investigation Into Ivy League Admissions: 
\sama- 40% of the Twitter accounts Donald Trump follows have the word "Trump" in their name. 
\sama- Not a problem in the sense of something bad. I think people deserve it. Problem by the CS definition. 
\sama- Every tech company saying "we want to pay 75th percentile salaries" turns out to be a recursion problem. 
\sama- After years of no issues, I've had three Uber drivers refuse to take me from SF to Mountain View in 24h. Has something changed? 
\sama- How to use the Internet: 1) Get extremely mad about something 2) After 3 days, never think about it again. 
\sama- (No conspiracy here; he made the video of me after the WWDC keynote. I now think it's funny.) 
\sama- And, as proof I don't hold grudges, I am equally happy to have Bret Victor here :D 
\sama- I really am so happy to have Alan Kay at YCR. 
\sama- HARC: 
\sama- .@justinkan dude, this is horrible age discrimination from YC. 
\sama- ...2, I have stayed out of the hand-wringing about a tech bubble for the past 10 years. Think of the time I've saved!" 
\sama- "What's your secret to getting so much done?" "Two things. 1, I don't watch TV... 
\sama- "Almost all great people are more motivated by wanting respect from people they respect than by money. I'd never have believed this at 20." 
\sama- Asked a friend who has been very successful in many different domains what has surprised him the most about people: 
\sama- It's different enough to be noticeably anomalous--any idea what the takeaway should be? 
\sama- In startups, the complaint is that old people are treated unfairly. In most industries, complaint is that young people are treated unfairly. 
\sama- A founding team that can build the product themselves has a big advantage over a team that has to hire very expensive engineers to build it. 
\sama- Unfortunately, "so how many people work at your company?" still gets asked to measure coolness. 
\sama- Startups that can operate will small teams have a huge advantage. Extreme case of this is not needing anyone but the founders. 
\sama- I am currently the most bullish on bitcoin I've been, and all my bitcoin friends are the most bearish. Hmm. 
\sama- from @elonmusk: "to be a good manager you have to do your chores. no one likes doing chores, but you still have to do them." 
\sama- 3/ There is real value in being all-in one thing you have to make work. 
\sama- 2/ The startup founders that work on multiple startups at once usually fail at all of them, and I think this is partially why. 
\sama- 1/ If you're working on multiple projects at once, the temptation is to turn away from whichever one is hard at that moment. 
\sama- Was Fiorina the shortest-tenured VP candidate ever? 
\sama- .@gdb on the genesis of OpenAI: 
\sama- I, like, can't even: 
\sama- Bad investors ask about the founders' school. Good investors ask why they picked this idea. Great investors ask about their childhoods. 
\sama- Bad investors ask about market size. Good investors ask about market growth rates. Great investors believe new markets will get created. 
\sama- "What's the most important non-obvious skill for success?" "The ability to keep believing in your own ideas when others say they're dumb" 
\sama- Offer Computer Science in our public schools: 
\sama- I'm doing a livestream: 
\sama- OpenAI gym: 
\sama- .@sacca to be clear i think the market has changed and also i'd rather go short than long the S&amp;P here. just though a funny quote. 
\sama- "The S&amp;P is within 1% of its all time high and seed investors keep telling me that equity markets have collapsed and deals are repricing." 
\sama- The ability of a field to accept a contribution from an outsider seems to be very indicative of its ability to make progress. 
\sama- An article on YC from 2008: 
\sama- Trains are my favorite place to work. 
\sama- A related and very common question we run into from founders outside of SV is if they have to pay back the money if they fail. 
\sama- Lesson: Don't assume people know how YC works. Startups are still not well-understood by almost all of the world. 
\sama- Question of the day: "Does your program offer scholarships for low-income founders?" 
\sama- With genome editing and AI, we will be the first species ever to design our own descendants. Crazy thought. 
\sama- That comment aside, I was incredibly impressed by MIT. They always manage to get/train incredible engineering students. 
\sama- Me: "Really? Why?" Students: "Because it's the hardest job to get and everybody else wants it. Oh and you can make a lot of money fast." 
\sama- Me: "Where do MIT CS students most want to go after college? Facebook? Google? Their own startup?" Students: "Jane Street" 
\sama- .@justinkan cool story bro 
\sama- I love this clip from with @bchesky on YC: 
\sama- We're going to try having HN crowd-select some startups for YC Fellowship: 
\sama- Love this photo of @KatManalac, @jesslivingston, Kirsty, and @cjoneslevy from the FFC. Lucky to work w/them. 
\sama- A number of conversations this morning warranted a retweet of this: 
\sama- "What is your best productivity tip?" "Never, ever get in fights on the Internet." 
\sama- Wild that Virgin America sells for a small multiple of what small startups sometimes go for. Software is powerful. And airlines are tough. 
\sama- Welcome, Sequoia! 
\sama- Sorta hard to get excited about preorder numbers in YC applications after Tesla flexed on everyone last night. 
\sama- 115,000 people put down a deposit to buy a car they'd not only never driven, but never seen. And that is more than a year away. 
\sama- 115,000 tesla model 3 preorders already?! wow! 
\sama- We break up YC into smaller subsets, so you get to work with a few partners closely but still have the benefits of a large network. 
\sama- Saying smaller programs are better than YC is like saying a tiny college is better than Stanford--true for some people, but not most. 
\sama- We now have an AI assistant that helps YC partners read applications. It's really good. Our jobs may be at risk before drivers'... 
\sama- If Clinton and Sanders swapped superdelegates, Sanders would be in the lead right now. 
\sama- Welcome to the new @open_ai team members! 
\sama- Corollary: whatever else you do, be sure to avoid this mistake when talking to any investor, customer, potential employee, etc. 
\sama- Near-universal feedback from new YC partners: "I'm amazed how often I can read an entire application and not know what the company is doing" 
\sama- For the first time ever, today we're doing an online-only Demo Day for our second YC Fellowship batch! 
\sama- Asana 
\sama- the backplane 
\sama- A very distinguished visitor at YC. 
\sama- 1) they cut R+D spending, 2) try to spend less paying workers and 3) generally try to do things to help short-term earnings 
\sama- If you tie CEO comp to share price, and CEOs expect to be at a company for ~3 years, then you should not be surprised when: 
\sama- Best companies either set their valuation to something reasonable, or say "no" when investors say "I need it for my brand value". 
\sama- (Don't entirely agree with this, but it is generally true that the best YC companies don't hand out advisor shares to investors.) 
\sama- "You don't want advisor shares in any company that will agree to give them to you as part of your investment." 
\sama- "Kill the monsters of the mind, while preserving your spirit" 
\sama- Reading YC applications for Summer 2016 and sad about the lack of VR/AR companies. If you're doing this and want to apply late, email me! 
\sama- So #humbled to be on this list of people under X who are #crushingit that I will tweet about it every day. 
\sama- Be careful @JoshConstine. I may not be good at talking to press but as a "techie" I can set the terminator AI on you :D 
\sama- I think this was supposed to be an insult? "...he’s more of a techie type than a polished press liaison" 
\sama- A great interview with @paultoo: 
\sama- That post about @justinkan is 2 minutes old and already 3 DMs from reporters saying "great!' 
\sama- Justin Time: 
\sama- The YC Summer 2016 application deadline is tomorrow. Here's one startup's experience: 
\sama- Congrats to @boomaero for getting $5 billion of LOIs during their YC batch, a new record. 
\sama- .@the_esc back at it: 
\sama- Y Combinator Winter 2016 Demo Day 1: 
\sama- YC Lessons from two Latin Americans who walked into Silicon Valley 
\sama- Maybe seed will correct at some point soon, but it definitely hasn't happened yet. 
\sama- We weren't sure what investor appetite was going to be like, and we warned the YC batch to be ready for lean times. Never seen it higher. 
\sama- According to experts, US govt could get that iPhone data this whole time. But earlier they said they can't and now they say they can. Why? 
\sama- #YCDemoDay under way! Great start. 127 companies presenting today and tomorrow. 
\sama- I like it when people who don't like you/your job will still defend you against you against ridiculousness. 
\sama- Wow they really let anyone into YC these days, definitely jumped the shark. Great job @jaltma! 
\sama- A YC flag that @paultoo got made 
\sama- .@lovepinkrose12 Totally yes. The problem has been that "biz skills" include negotiation, and so engineers were relatively underpaid. 
\sama- (Also, after years of every company saying "we pay 75th percentile engineering salaries", this is sort of what has to happen :) ) 
\sama- Lots of complaints about engineer salaries in the bay area. I think it's awesome that engineers make more than 'business people'. Finally. 
\sama- There are many incredible passages in here: 
\sama- Very proud of this YC batch! Strong companies. Demo Days next Tues/Weds going to be very good. 
\sama- I'm doing an AMA on HN for questions about applying to YC (or anything else): 
\sama- Sam: "Why are you so happy all the time now?" Friend: "I never read Twitter anymore." 
\sama- I hate that moment when you're not sure if your computer monitor is whacking out or you're about to get a migraine...it's never the monitor. 
\sama- It feels in the last month that we've gone from no VCs on Snapchat to all the VCs on Snapchat. 
\sama- My specific investing interests list: AI, nuclear energy, robotics, synthetic bio, work marketplaces, social nets, disease treatments, agr 
\sama- 6/ So you should always be willing to go back to investors with more progress and data, though at some point you won't need them! 
\sama- 5/ Also, "this doesn't fit my investment criteria" usually means "I don't see this being a billion dollar company". 
\sama- 4/ And best of all: "Which companies have you invested in that no one else seemed excited about?" 
\sama- 3/ Instead, ask investor: "Which of your recent investments are you most excited about? Which companies do you wish you'd invested in?" 
\sama- 2/ These are (obviously) not helpful for figuring out which investors to target. 
\sama- 1/ Almost all seed investors give ~identical lists of what they're interested in--"I'm interested in SaaS, VR, IoT, and consumer mobile". 
\sama- .@tommyespinoza_ 1) world always changes 2) smart, determined people can out-compete "experienced" people in many industries (tho not all) 
\sama- (Though I think in most ways experience is significantly overrated.) 
\sama- One way experience is good: after 1,000 really bad things have happened, you're confident you'll get through the 1,001th. 
\sama- Interesting thing about AI go: no one doubted computers would eventually win, it was only ever a debate about when. 
\sama- The best thing on snapchat is probably @justinkan's AMAs 
\sama- The best thing on snapchat is probably @justinkan's AMAs 
\sama- Move-in day to new @open_ai office! 
\sama- :D 
\sama- .@karpathy clearly an intentional loss after it no longer matters to appear less scary and encourage people to play it again. 
\sama- This made the hair on the back of my neck stand up: 
\sama- Hard to interpret stuff like this: An econ student's paper estimated YC had 140% of all accelerator returns. 
\sama- 2/ Experts thought Sedol and AlphaGo were close at the beginning of the games, but maybe they never were and we just didn't understand. 
\sama- 1/ Important lesson from AlphaGo: as AI gets better than humans, it gets very hard to evaluate. 
\sama- From a very wise businessman on over-optimization: "The last nickel can be a very risky nickel". 
\sama- stopped by cruise. everyone working like a normal day. 
\sama- Welcome x11 
\sama- Should have titled that blog post "Make America Great Again" 
\sama- Ok sorry one more Cruise tweet. This was one of those WTF the future is here moments: 
\sama- Oh man, rereading all the "pass" emails from Cruise's round last year when we were looking for coinvestors...this is a hard business! 
\sama- Hard Tech is Back 
\sama- AlphaGO in 3 IMO 
\sama- OH: "I am much more sad that I thought I would be at humans falling to computers in the last game" 
\sama- I wonder how many people will have fallen in love with an AI chatbot by 2026. 
\sama- Who will be the hot company of SXSW 2016?! 
\sama- Building a Nuclear Reactor People Want: 
\sama- apparently i am in the top .01% of ATT mobile data users 
\sama- We have drunk, and seen the spider. 
\sama- .@flexReceipts (YC W16) delivers smart e-receipts to help physical retailers better engage w/ customers: 
\sama- PB distills values for founders: frugality, focus, obsession, love. 
\sama- TripleByte has created more employee-friendly stock options: 
\sama- Rereading this... 
\sama- Incredible answer from Michael Moritz: 
\sama- Most effective data visualization I've seen in awhile: 
\sama- Konsus from YC W2016 launches! 
\sama- On the Boston Dynamics robot: "I felt bad for it when it was getting pushed around." "I felt it was going to remember..." 
\sama- This is going to be a big deal for scaling YC: 
\sama- I feel...related to this? 
\sama- Fundraising Advice for YC Companies: 
\sama- .@mattknox the thing that makes me so sad is that i truly believe that if he were white, he would have been hated/obstructed less. 
\sama- On a more serious note, Obama has been a great President. Just imagine what he could have done with a government that hated him less. 
\sama- "Obama was the President we needed; Trump is the President we deserve." 
\sama- I love that feeling of being caught up on work that lasts from Sunday night until about 10:30 Monday morning. 
\sama- Only letting me invest my 401k in mutual funds is like regulation-supported stealing of 1.5% of my money every year. 
\sama- Why YC: 
\sama- Friendly reminder: US Debt to GDP ratio is over 100%. 
\sama- In practice, this is far more powerful than all the provisions that get negotiated in term sheets. Want leverage? Be profitable. 
\sama- If a company is default alive, the founders control it. If it's default dead, investors control it. 
\sama- Peak thinkpiece on "Dear founder, I way overpayed for your company last year. Now I'm not going to do that anymore." 
\sama- In light of the MH370 search being almost over, this is at the very least an interesting read: 
\sama- The difference in sentiment between people who work in finance in NY and people who work in tech in SF is amazing. 
\sama- Deadline to apply for the YCR basic income researcher is tonight: 
\sama- Very rare and extremely powerful combination: the ability to think both clearly and very non-linearly. Most people lucky to have one. 
\sama- The tech industry is one of the only industries in the world where capital is not the #1 limiting reagent. Weird effects. 
\sama- TWTR and LNKD are trading at less than 5x trailing revenue! 
\sama- 7/ But the culture that contributes to this--"if you haven't accomplished something amazing by 26 you've failed"--is a huge problem. 
\sama- 6/ And they will keep being wrong. 
\sama- 5/ But fortunately for all of us, the people claiming "all new startups suck these days" have been wrong for at least 40 years. 
\sama- 4/ I assume it's especially bad in SV but I don't really know; maybe it happens in all hyperambitious places. 
\sama- 3/ It's a big problem with SV culture that so many people in their late 20s/early 30s get as disenchanted as they do. 
\sama- 2/ Happy to report that's not actually true, but the people building the new stuff don't spend all day posting online. 
\sama- 1/ If you form your opinion by reading the Internet, you'd think most people in Silicon Valley are cynical, snarky, and burnt out. 
\sama- Unless I'm missing something, the superdelegate system seems totally messed up: 
\sama- Finally got this sign made (seemed like a good time for it): 
\sama- This morning at @open_ai I heard an idea that was so big if it works I have not been able to focus on anything else since. 
\sama- I hope we get a lot of VR/AR startups for the next YC batch. Feels like a good time to start one... 
\sama- .@DanielleMorrill group 2 up 70+% and already above 15B. only need aggregate 15% per year growth from here. 
\sama- Two questions to ask before every startup investment: "Could this be a monopoly?" "Are these founders forces of nature?" 
\sama- 11 months in and 47 to go, feeling pretty good about this: 
\sama- Gonna be an awkward conversation when Eli has to explain this to Peyton: 
\sama- 3/ Upside: if you get the incentive structure right, hire smart, motivated people, and have one clear vision, you don't need much managing. 
\sama- 2/ Put a game in front of people, they'll play it. Put a hierarchy in front of people, they'll try to climb it. Bugs and all. 
\sama- 1/ My "management structure" advice to startups: think very carefully about what you want to prioritize and reward. 
\sama- 14 of the top 15 most valuable US companies on this list are based in California: 
\sama- "San Francisco got spoiled with 4 years of sunshine all winter and 4 years of a bull market. It's a new time." 
\sama- How Nebia Launched a Water Movement: 
\sama- Sneak peak of my bro @jaltma and @ekosz1's new startup! It's awesome. 
\sama- Remarkable stat: Facebook is worth 10x more than LinkedIn and Twitter combined. 
\sama- Even if you try to adjust for humans underestimating exponential progress, you will still underestimate it. 
\sama- The YC strategy deck is significantly uglier but says much more in many fewer words than Yahoo's. 
\sama- The four-point plan is here: 
\sama- Surely no one wants less engagement, less mobile revenue, worse execution, and misaligned resources? 
\sama- I have nostalgic fondness for Yahoo, but c'mon! Generic AF. 
\sama- 'Grow engagement, grow mobile revenue, improve execution, and align resources' is extreme management-consultant-speak 
\sama- Biz Carson on YC: 
\sama- .@justinkan pick me!! 
\sama- "I invest with a 20 year time horizon." "I'm very worried about overpaying relative to market since things are soft this month." 
\sama- "Industries evolve until Google ads suck out all the profits." 
\sama- .@dev_gar "@sama what do you see as the biggest deterrent to working remote? Mental state?…" #asksama answer in 🎥👇 
\sama- .@WheresAlby "@sama thoughts on best company disrupting mass transit? #asksama" answer in 🎥👇 
\sama- Answering questions for the 30 mins. Reply to me with your question and #asksama. 
\sama- b73b5bedab426834b994bb75d8278555bcda16be 
\sama- 
\sama- Startups: "Try to be a cockroach, not a unicorn" -@paultoo 
\sama- The kind of business development a startup should be doing is called "sales". IE, get someone to give you money for your product. 
\sama- It's incredibly distracting, you have little control over what the other company does or doesn't do, and new startups have little leverage. 
\sama- I think more startups are killed by "business development" than are successful because of it. 
\sama- I'm all for giving companies a chance to respond to allegations, but it's been 3 months since Theranos said they'd release data... 
\sama- Learning beyond school walls: 
\sama- YC Knowledge Prize: 
\sama- Basic Income: 
\sama- 9/ In any case: we are currently in a place that very few people believed would be possible just 1 year ago. 
\sama- 8/ "... consequences will be. I honesty am not sure if I think this is going to be net good or bad." 
\sama- 7/ "It usually means that most people don't like the trajectory their lives are currently on. But I have no idea what the long-term... 
\sama- 6/ I asked a smart friend who studies history what it means when extreme candidates win nominations instead of moderate ones. She said: 
\sama- 5/ I don't think would have been possible 8 years ago. Welcome to the Internet! 
\sama- 4/ People had had enough, and social media provided a path not controlled by mass media for something unprecedented. 
\sama- 3/ In early 2015, appeared that we were going to be the brother and spouse of previous Presidents. Now looks like going to get outsiders. 
\sama- 2/ For decades, the US political process operated on mass media and whatever the party leaders wanted to happen was mostly what happened. 
\sama- 1/ This US primary campaign is one of the most important moments in the history of social media since the Arab Spring. 
\sama- We are only taking equity in Fellowship if they exit for $100 million or more. Less than that, you keep all the equity. 
\sama- Startup Playbook in Hebrew! 
\sama- I wish all my calls were this good: 
\sama- The Shanghai Composite is down 47% from its June 2015 peak. 
\sama- Biggest predictor of massive success vs. minor success among founders: years and years of relentless determination. 
\sama- There are few forces in Silicon Valley more effective than Ron Conway deciding to really get behind a startup. He does not stop. 
\sama- Professional advice: don't compete for things that aren't worth winning. 
\sama- Read this post: 
\sama- Very important post from Dalton: 
\sama- US GDP growth is 2% AND we have ~0% rates, low unemployment, and super cheap energy... 
\sama- What will 2025 look like? 
\sama- 2005: 5 research vehicles barely self-drive through a closed course. 2015: "I won't buy a car that can't drive itself on the highway" 
\sama- Getting Into Y Combinator: 
\sama- Trump is the symptom, not the phenomenon himself. 
\sama- "If you hang around effective startups, you generally become effective. Hang around ineffective startups, you always become ineffective." 
\sama- 4/ A great way to help address wealth inequality is to make it as cheap as possible to have an awesome life. 
\sama- 3/ These have all gone up a huge amount, and it seems to us like they should go down. 
\sama- 2/ We are particularly interested in funding startups to lower the cost of education, housing, and healthcare. 
\sama- 1/ From a conversation right now with @paultoo: 
\sama- New trend in 2016: "Would YC like to acquire my accelerator?" 
\sama- Two years ago a reporter said I was an odd choice to take over YC. Ran into him yesterday; he said I was "always destined to take over YC". 
\sama- Will Twitter be largely replaced by another platform in 3 years? 
\sama- So founders, when a VC says "you should take the lowest cash salary you can" say "I agree--are you doing the same?" 
\sama- So founders, when a VC says "you should take the lowest cash salary you can" say "I agree--are you doing the same?" 
\sama- And we'll get longer-term investments in "non-consensus" companies that way as a bonus! 
\sama- If VCs believe in what they're doing, they should take a salary that pays their bills and invest the rest of their fees back in the fund. 
\sama- VCs that take a $5 million a year salary--no matter how the fund performs--really don't want that to go away. So they don't like risky bets. 
\sama- I've noticed that, in general, the VCs that take the lowest salaries and invest the most back in their funds seem to do the best. 
\sama- I think VCs are right to prefer to founders who take low salaries and lots of equity. But I think LPs should prefer the same for their VCs. 
\sama- "Trump won't even be in the conversation by the end of the summer." "Sanders is a reddit-powered flash-in-the-pan." 
\sama- The Iowa caucuses are two weeks from tomorrow. 
\sama- Before Growth: 
\sama- I used to compete against @dens. I wouldn't recommend it. Good luck with your next chapter/new role! Impressed w/all you've done so far. 
\sama- Quote from a founder: "I've learned to treat every advice meeting w/other founders as a fundraising meeting" &lt;== seems bad 
\sama- I've heard of ~10 new venture firms starting "scout funds" (i.e. letting portfolio CEOs invest out of the venture fund) in last 2 months! 
\sama- YC batch 001 reunion dinner (@justinkan interviewing steve and alexis of reddit) 
\sama- Startups that have no mission other than growing fast have real internal problems when growth falters for the first time. 
\sama- Geoff Ralson (@gralston) on seed fundraising: 
\sama- YC Updates and Additions: 
\sama- I'm doing a Product Hunt Live Chat tomorrow at 12 pm Pacific: 
\sama- When I become truly convinced there's a bug in the compiler, it's time to stop programming and go to sleep. 
\sama- To everyone bummed they didnt make the Forbes 30 Under 30 list: these things don't matter, they have no effect on your life, and are ~random 
\sama- Speaking of "really great AI", spent the day with the OpenAI team. Excited for the future! 
\sama- This is about two years old: Interesting what parts of my opinion have changed and haven't. Time for an update! 
\sama- .@jesslivingston for founder of the year! 
\sama- So excited that I'm directly advising a group of YC companies in the new batch (first time since I took over things have been stable enough) 
\sama- We don't get the internet commenters we need, but we get the ones we deserve. 
\sama- The only thing I like about jet lag is when it's 6 am and I feel super productive for already having done 3 hours of work. 
\sama- (Obviously this is not a comment on what will happen with the price--not clear if current price is high or low even w/real usage.) 
\sama- For the first time, somewhat optimistic 2016 could be a good year for bitcoin. Finally know a couple of people actually using it. 
\sama- (Source: 
\sama- 2015 % change: YHOO: -34 ORCL: -18 IBM: -14 AAPL: -4 MSFT: +21 ADBE: +31 CRM: +32 FB: +35 GOOGL: +48 NVDA: +66 AMZN: +120 NFLX: +137 
\sama- Startup Playbook in Spanish! 
\sama- 3/ Sure, there are lot of problems, but there are plenty of amazing things too. 
\sama- 2/ There will be more amazing technology than ever before. If you're not working with tech somehow, it's at least worth considering why not. 
\sama- 1/ In 2016, more people than ever before will have access to the Internet. There will be more global wealth than ever before. 
\sama- It's been a few hours and I haven't yet seen anyone calling 2016 the last year of the tech bubble yet. Uh oh. Maybe this is the year. 
\sama- Also, it's crazy that it only takes 15 minutes to get a satellite from the ground to orbit. 
\sama- SPACEX ROCKET LANDS! 
\sama- Why will Apple put a cellular connection in an iPad but not a MacBook? 
\sama- (And produced a very strong childhood memory rush.) 
\sama- OMG Star Wars was incredible! 
\sama- The least effective people always seem to care the most about credentials. 
\sama- (On a more serious note, I think bitcoin is looking better. Have seen interesting actual use cases recently, and transaction volume up.) 
\sama- Watching the Republican debate makes me want to really stock up on bitcoin. 
\sama- Probably goes w/o saying, but what most excites me about OpenAI is the quality of the team. Incredible people; humbled to be working w/them. 
\sama- Really excited to announce @open_ai. Please check it out: 
\sama- productivity tips: work hard on stuff that matters. don't work on stuff that doesn't matter. (most people screw up the second part.) 
\sama- "The rate of value creation in a company is proportional to the ratio of power of product people to lawyers in a company." 
\sama- The first GOP primary is less than 60 days away. 
\sama- "Trump will only last a week", they said. "Trump will be done in a month", they said. "After the summer Trump will fade", they said. 
\sama- Trump (36%), Cruz (16%), and Carson (14%) lead the Republican field with Jeb Bush at 3%: 
\sama- Just saw a relevant shirt on the subway: "I'm looking for something to be offended about today." 
\sama- "We are donating $45 billion to cure disease, improve education, build communities and connect people" "Fuck you!" 
\sama- It's fine to wait to congratulate until they share more specifics on the recipients, but outright hostility in the mean time makes no sense. 
\sama- It's a struggle to get some founders to donate 1% of their shares. He just donated 99%. 
\sama- It takes a lot for the Internet to surprise me, but the general reaction to Zuck's letter did it. 
\sama- 6/ And here is my advice to seed investors: you will make far more money owning 20% of a startup than owning 80% of a startup. 
\sama- 5/ On the positive side, this seems to be happening less and less as startup norms spread around the world (it used to happen in the US too) 
\sama- 4/ I've watched many companies try to work around this, and it keeps coming back to cause fatal problems in surprising ways. 
\sama- 3/ For investors that will not fix it, I think the right move is often to shut down that company and start a different company :( 
\sama- 2/ Most investors are willing to fix this when they realize it makes the company unfundable. 
\sama- 1/ We sometimes see foreign companies come into YC with 70+% investor ownership after their seed round. 
\sama- Does anyone else revert to teenager mode when home for the holidays and stay up until 5 am in the basement for no reason? 
\sama- Happy parent tech support day! 
\sama- 6/ how we operate, and who we fund. And it's got to be one of the most talented groups of startup investors in the world! I'm thankful. 
\sama- 5/ People often ask me why YC performs as well as it does. We are an equal partnership with 16 people making decisions about what we do, 
\sama- 4/ gets far too little, even though everyone on the team makes critical contributions to the success of the company. 
\sama- 3/ One of the problems with the way the press covers business is that the CEO always gets far too much coverage and the rest of the team... 
\sama- 2/ Near the top of the list are my partners and the whole team at YC. 
\sama- 1/ I'm struck at Thanksgiving how many things I have to be thankful for. 
\sama- You have a problem, so you decide to raise some money. Now you have two problems. So you hire some people. Now you have three problems. 
\sama- I basically just get out my checkbook right then. 
\sama- One of my favorite things ever is when someone starts a meeting saying "I will do X, and here is how." 
\sama- A lot more people say "we should do X" than "I will do X" (where X= "solve climate change" "go to the moon" "work on income inequality" etc) 
\sama- .@lhockenson PG wrote a love letter to his wife and defender her against prospective attackers. It also had nothing to do with The Macro. 
\sama- And I get that fighting with the press is stupid (and that they'll actually get some readers now), but if no one does, we're all worse off. 
\sama- We continue to work to get diverse YC applicants, and we fund women, Black and Latino founders at or slightly above the rate they apply. 
\sama- If they had, we would have pointed them to this: 
\sama- This is disgusting, and I will no longer talk to TNW since they don't do research or ask for comment: 
\sama- Another amazing stat: only 1 out of the top 8 most valuable US private tech companies existed 8 years ago. 
\sama- (They are Airbnb, Palantir, Pinterest, Dropbox. Others are Uber, Snapchat, SpaceX, Wework.) 
\sama- Amazing stat: 4 out of the top 8 most valuable private US tech cos were founded by a YC alum or part-time partner. 
\sama- If I could do my time in college over again, I would have taken more than 1 writing class. (PWR classes didn't help.) 
\sama- Square IPO price valuing it at about 2.75x this year's revenue. We call this a tech bubble? 
\sama- Life learning from CS: you can scale almost everything much more than you'd think, and the things that break are hard to predict. 
\sama- (Plus 3 games, 3 other music apps, and one productivity app.) 
\sama- App Store top 25: 6 apps from Google, 4 from Facebook, 1 from each of Apple, Amazon, Uber, Neflix, Pinterest, Twitter, Snapchat, McDonalds 
\sama- We just finished about 500 YC interviews in the past 8 days. Most tiring part of what we do, but always so cool to see the future! 
\sama- Always be suspicious of "Us vs. Them" rhetoric. Sometimes it's right, but it's an effective way to get people to do horrible things. 
\sama- .@foundersatwork and @paulg sidenote: they're the ~most committed to each other's professional/personal success of any couple I've seen. 
\sama- Although the reasons why most YC clones have failed are numerous, not having someone like @foundersatwork is probably at the top of the list 
\sama- Tips for YC Interviews: 
\sama- .@foundersatwork still has the last word at YC, in case anyone is curious! 
\sama- Jessica Livingston 
\sama- Startup Playbook eBook for Kindle: 
\sama- But we're ok with this. In practice, it keeps bad companies away from us :) Good companies are always swayed by our alums, not investors. 
\sama- And then a lot of "the partners aren't the good" "the network isn't that good" "they funded this one really bad company" etc etc etc 
\sama- "Don't do YC because you will get too much investor interest" (I wish I was making this one up). 
\sama- "Don't do YC because you don't want to have to be compared to lots of other companies." 
\sama- "Don't do YC because they put a lot of pressure on you to execute quickly." 
\sama- "Don't do YC because it will hurt your valuation" while presenting a term sheet with a $2 million pre-money valuation. 
\sama- The levels of negative selling against YC from VCs have gotten totally crazy! 
\sama- The Startup Playbook is now on iBooks: 
\sama- Just made a video reading mean tweets about myself out loud. Surprisingly therapeutic/ridiculous. 
\sama- A reminder in light of the current anti-tech sentiment: the NASDAQ is within about 1% of its all-time high. 
\sama- Startup Advice from One of the Most Influential Women in Tech: 
\sama- wisdom from @jaltma on trading bitcoin: "you don't lose until you close the position" 
\sama- Yesterday YC agreed to fund our 1,000th company! 
\sama- New policy: try to limit legal agreements to 10 pages. The important stuff can usually fit there, the over-complication never helps. 
\sama- Yelp Offers Its Software Development Platform To All Takers: 
\sama- Investors generally fall into two buckets: they either make you more or less stressed when something bad happens. 
\sama- Really impressed by the first-ever YC Fellowship demo day! 
\sama- (Also, investors getting terms that say "you have to adjust our price down to the IPO price" are not really pricing the company at all.) 
\sama- Contrary to all the tweets, Square initial pricing range well below the last round is evidence we're NOT in a bubble. 
\sama- "YC’s partners seem surprisingly uninterested in money, or competitive threats" 
\sama- (Major thanks to @gkoberger for illustrating!) 
\sama- I wrote something: The Startup Playbook 
\sama- Bitcoin to the Lagrange L2! 
\sama- i have a gambling problem, and @daltonc is a walking bitcoin ticker...very dangerous combination. 
\sama- I just volunteered to teach during the Hour of Code. Join me here: 
\sama- Whether or not we agree on the issues--please remember to vote tomorrow! 
\sama- We wanted more than 140 characters and we got Twitter polls. 
\sama- But N.B. there are few very rich perennial top-callers. Tough way to do well. 
\sama- Side note, perennial top callers have been wrong for seven years in a row and are due a couple of years of bragging about being right soon. 
\sama- The Tech Bust of 2015: 
\sama- "Told my investor it sucked he was too busy to respond to my emails but he was on Twitter all day. He said being on Twitter was his job." 
\sama- In 2008, California voters passed a ballot initiative forbidding same-sex marriage. What a difference 7 years make! 
\sama- mobile markup for HN shipped! 
\sama- .@harryh On the other hand, 97% of my net worth is in startups, and 90% of that comes from 4 companies. 
\sama- 5/ The best investor I know holds 10 stocks and no index funds. He can explain in detail why he expects each of those to outperform. 
\sama- 4/ If you take the time to become an expert in something and develop real conviction, it's ok to overallocate there. 
\sama- 3/ Buying index funds is certainly a historically safe strategy, but it's not the only strategy. 
\sama- 2/ That's like saying "it's bad to have any strong opinions about the world, it's all unknowable". 
\sama- 1/ Another thing about investing: it's BS when people tell you not to pick single stocks, or that you need to be super diversified. 
\sama- Investing rules: 1)Only buy if you'd hold for 10 years 2)Company value: discount to future earnings 3)Only invest in things you understand 
\sama- I appreciate Jeff and the Smule board working with us to resolve this! 
\sama- The road to startup failure is paved with excuses for moving slowly. 
\sama- Met a guy on the train wearing a Pebble watch and a Stripe t-shirt. He had a Boosted Board and was reading reddit. Gave him a YC sticker. 
\sama- .@mappingbabel it's ok to be secretive. it's ok to aggressively go after PR. it's very problematic to do both. 
\sama- Alan Kay visits YC office, grafittis @paulg's poster 
\sama- Biden not running! 
\sama- As late-stage rounds have become more like fancy debt (low risk,low reward) than true equity, those valuations are ~meaningless in this case 
\sama- When considering a job at a startup: ignore the most recent valuation. Think about what the company will eventually be worth, and your %age 
\sama- (I had to stop answering questions but will try to do a longer one after YC application review and interviews are finished!) 
\sama- (One of the dinners during the first batch of YC.) 
\sama- (One of the dinners during the first batch of YC.) 
\sama- Everyone in the first picture (10+ years old) of this page is a current or former full or part-time partner at YC: 
\sama- The best investors take the least credit for companies' success. This correlation is so strong that it's a reasonable filter. 
\sama- "I believe no one is their worst act." -Bryan Stevenson from Equal Justice Initiative, incredible talk! 
\sama- Met with some Europeans yesterday. Quote: "In most countries one party is authoritarian and one is libertarian. Which party here is which?" 
\sama- But the whole media pile-on to "extremely great!" or "extremely horrible!", without a rigorous review of facts, doesn't serve us well. 
\sama- (Again, if true, the allegations are horrible. And this is not comforting.) 
\sama- Watching the media build up and tear down Theranos feels the same with the sign bit flipped. Little data, and lots of hyperbole, both times. 
\sama- Mike Moritz is an incredible writer: 
\sama- In retrospect I wish I had used a different example. 
\sama- New tech is hard. Slam pieces tell one side of a story. I do think Theranos should be more transparent, but ppl shouldn't pray for failure. 
\sama- I don't know if the WSJ allegations about Theranos are true or not. But always gross to watch people cackle with glee in these situations. 
\sama- has gotten to the point where i'd be really bummed if it went away. 
\sama- Notable increase in YC applicants this batch that are running two companies at once. Jack effect? 
\sama- Warming up for a big YC announcement soon! 
\sama- This battlestation is now fully operational! 
\sama- Super delighted to finally be able to share that @ROWGHANI is running our new later-stage fund. Wonderful partner to help companies scale. 
\sama- Welcome Ali, and YC Continuity! 
\sama- A beautifully designed and intuitive social mobile platform as a service 
\sama- observation from YC applications: extreme secrecy almost always correlates with badness. 
\sama- Default Alive or Default Dead? 
\sama- On a closer reading, the Square numbers look much better than the impression from the headline numbers. 
\sama- All of my big investing losses, public and private, were on something that I didn't understand but sounded great. 
\sama- Much better to stick to investing in what you understand and miss out on something great than get tempted by something you don't understand. 
\sama- Watching people talk about politics is often more like watching them talking about team sports than anything else. 
\sama- Many people know how well the top 10 YC companies are doing. I think what is going to surprise people is how great the next 100 are doing. 
\sama- (Hiring people fast is sometimes good for startups when you know exactly where you want to go and how to get there. But bad until then.) 
\sama- Before you hire people with the money you just raised, please please please remember that small teams move faster than big ones. 
\sama- 10/ BTW, one of the best things you can do if you want to be a founder: keep your personal burn rate low. 
\sama- 9/ Even our successful hard tech companies that eventually need to raise 10s or 100s of millions of dollars find a way to start w/little $. 
\sama- 8/ At YC, we especially love companies that can do a lot with little capital. Works much more often than those who do a little with a lot :) 
\sama- 7/ As a side note, it's more valuable now than ever to have technical cofounders, because it's just so expensive to hire great engineers. 
\sama- 6/ Unfortunately, frugality is becoming a lost art when it comes to startups. 
\sama- 5/ It's definitely really hard to do a lot with a little. But if you can do it, you set your culture the right way forever. 
\sama- 4/ The mediocre ones have impressive sounding explanations for why they need to raise a lot. 
\sama- 3/ Certainly in our experience at YC, the best companies do amazing things on small amounts of money. 
\sama- 2/ Be proud of how much you can do on as little money as possible. This whole "I need $3MM to do anything" meme is ridiculous. 
\sama- 1/ When founders get bummed that they can "only" raise a $1MM seed round, I remind them Google "only" raised a rumored $740k in 2015 dollars 
\sama- Question--given tax treatment, why does it make sense for a company to pay a dividend instead of buying back shares? 
\sama- (Obv, if you don't have an idea you're already excited about you shouldn't do this. But sometimes a push can be a blessing in disguise.) 
\sama- If you're a Twitter employee that got laid off and you want to apply to YC but need a few more days, email me and we'll give you more time. 
\sama- I would love it if everyone stopped talking about valuations and went back to taking about products. 
\sama- This is still as great as when I first saw it: 
\sama- One problem with a "party round"--a lot of stuff leaks out when you have to update 50 investors. 
\sama- 2013: Uber's "breathtaking" $3.5B valuation "raises the question of whether such a number can possibly be justified" 
\sama- (Note: I disagree with the premise, but it was still attention-grabbing.) 
\sama- Most interesting pitch so far today: "In the future, YC and AngelList are the only two investors that matter, and I'm going to be the third" 
\sama- From 2014: 
\sama- (On a more serious note, at this point I do think there are some bubble pockets. But still good investment opportunities.) 
\sama- We have now been reading "it's a bubble" stories for 5 years. That's an unusually long bubble if they're all accurate. 
\sama- Founders that try to "over-game" fundraising ~always end up worse off than if they hadn't tried the judo. But impossible to convince them. 
\sama- SaaS businesses always have great margins, except in every specific instance 
\sama- Tried to do an AMA about applying to YC and people pretty much just wanted to talk about YCR! 
\sama- Post of the week on HN: 
\sama- I'm doing an AMA on HN: 
\sama- Two great quotes from Harry Kroto: 
\sama- I'm going to do an AMA on HN tomorrow about applying to YC (and anything else). Will start around 9 am pacific time. 
\sama- insight from @paultoo: selling software is a bad biz. MSFT and ORCL were the last two good ones. build software but sell something else. 
\sama- Welcome Jared! 
\sama- YC Research: 
\sama- (This applies to products, organization structures, revenue models, etc.) 
\sama- Lesson from working with lots of startups: simple is always better. 
\sama- For the first time I think I think I've found a problem that is not solved by growth... 
\sama- After my unit economics post, I get a lot of emails like "we're burning $1M a month and if we grow more we'll burn more. what should we do?" 
\sama- My talk at CS183C: 
\sama- Sam: "what's your favorite toy?" @paulg's 3 yo: "Dad!" 
\sama- Corollary: the mean landlord in SF makes a better return on capital than the mean seed investor in boom times. 
\sama- The number of engineers the mean startup can hire doesn't change much with up and down cycles. Landlords just make more/less money. 
\sama- WeChat for the US is a giant opportunity. Twitter should dominate this but probably won't. I have thoughts for anyone doing this startup! 
\sama- The mobile interface method I like most for infrequently used services is chat. Better than web or apps. 
\sama- Thought from @adamdangelo: it's important to have time to be bored, because that's when big ideas happen. 
\sama- A good thing about being around lots of startups: it makes you pretty unflappable. 
\sama- (Also excited by the number of computer-aided drug discovery companies applying!) 
\sama- Excited by the number of VR companies apply to the next YC batch! 
\sama- "Branded a nerd king, who's almost always spotted in a pair of shorts and hoodies..." ಠ_ಠ 
\sama- Tried a service the scans my old meeting notebooks. The person that results in the most inches of notes per hour of meeting: Alan Kay. 
\sama- Surprising comment from a number of YC founders at lunch: they're all seeing engagement on Twitter going down 
\sama- Richard Glossip And The End Of The Death Penalty: 
\sama- Great post from @dansitu : 
\sama- "Cubs fans love being miserable" -YC GC dropping wisdom 
\sama- .@paulg PG, can we get another call for a 1000% gain in 10 years (public stock)? 
\sama- Now here is the interesting one: tech giants over the last 10 years. 1379% monster increase for AAPL! 
\sama- Tech giants over the last year: 
\sama- I have a bottle of good bourbon for great days and a bottle of great bourbon for bad days. Tonight I'm having some really delicious bourbon! 
\sama- (Just finished the draft, not the final thing. Coming soon.) 
\sama- Just finished 7600 words of advice for startups. I am...not a writer. And very tired. 
\sama- " 'capital punishment is arbitrary, racist and meted out to those without the resources to defend themselves.' " 
\sama- The Case of Richard Glossip: 
\sama- Also, this is an example of something I've changed my mind on--I used to think startups should strive to describe themselves this way. 
\sama- (Though I guess as sort of counterexample, Facebook was "MySpace for college students". But that sounds so unappealing it's ok.) 
\sama- Very few of the best startups I have been involved with could describe themselves as "the X for Y". 
\sama- (Here is the Trump tax plan: 
\sama- Dear Trump: I don't think people making $25k or less a year feel like they should be saying "I win", even if you save them $1k in tax. 
\sama- BTW, I do think it can be a bubble even when everyone else says it's a bubble, especially when investors are investing other people's money. 
\sama- Can it be a bubble when startup investors universally agree it's a bubble? 
\sama- And actually I'm totally ok with the laws favoring renters as much as owners, just not speculators. 
\sama- I believe that if housing were only about quality of life, and not at all about speculating or investing, we'd probably be better off. 
\sama- Housing policy I'd actually like to see: tax policy that heavily favors living/owning over speculating/renting. 
\sama- Water on Mars! 
\sama- Airbnb and San Francisco: 
\sama- Is there evidence that taxing capital gains at a lower rate than ordinary income is a net benefit? Do people really just not invest their $? 
\sama- Asked to pass this on to @moskov: "Please tell Dustin his talk in your Stanford class was the most important career advice I ever got." 
\sama- The real risk in life is regret. 
\sama- Something I learned from both YC Pauls: think about how big a company could be, not why it might fail. Then convince the founders of that. 
\sama- "VP Product is the toughest executive search. That's called...a founder." 
\sama- (Sidenote: when can I vote on my phone without having to register ahead of time? That would be good.) 
\sama- Here is an easy way to register to vote: 
\sama- the airbnb law. wow :( 
\sama- Bargain hunting works for value stocks but emphatically does not work for startup investing. 
\sama- In startup investing, always think twice if something feels really cheap. Usually the best investments feel expensive. 
\sama- Hardware at YC with @liseman 
\sama- Forcing humans to do jobs computers can do better and more cheaply to "make them work for it" is ridiculous. Far better to find real jobs. 
\sama- This is a ridiculous post even for Business Insider. Hard work is valuable iff it creates real value. 
\sama- A rates bubble. Probably. I honestly just don't care at this point. 
\sama- Speaking at TC disrupt tomorrow. Any topic requests? 
\sama- "I would rather be Mike Moritz than a Twitter commentator saying startups all suck." -anon 
\sama- Most companies don't work, a few companies do work. Most investors lose money, a few make money. But innovation keeps on going. 
\sama- Calling startup investing "broken" because Quirky raised $185MM and died is like saying evolution is broken because X went extinct. 
\sama- .@gralston on Smule/Shred: and the business insider piece: 
\sama- This is impressive enough at dozens or a few hundred employees; really amazing at their scale. 
\sama- Uber is hiring great people (and keeping them) at a rate not seen since Facebook or Google. 
\sama- "I'm the engineering cofounder." "I'm the emailing cofounder." 
\sama- Kicked off the YC Fellowship today. I have a very good feeling about this. 
\sama- Kicked off the YC Fellowship today. I have a very good feeling about this. 
\sama- None of the $10B+ tech companies in the last couple of decades started without initial users that _loved_ their product. 
\sama- 2/ I will never like or be good at football. A world where CS is the only option would be a sad one indeed. 
\sama- 1/Everyone should have the opportunity to learn to code. But it's not the answer to everything. Not everyone will like it or be good at it. 
\sama- Unit Economics: 
\sama- Once you really understand the model, sure, go ahead and invest more. But at the beginning, often ends in tears. 
\sama- And ideally 2-4 is better. Sure, sometimes it works on a very long time scale, but so hard to get right. 
\sama- What I think about young companies that take more than 6 months to repay cost of user acquisition: guilty until proven innocent. 
\sama- .@honestduane @abcdefgory remember this is for a first-year developer. goes up fast. anyway, not the point--point is the non-engineers. 
\sama- .@abcdefgory unfortunately, most people cannot. we need more supply. but only a tiny percentage of people in SF vote. 
\sama- .@abcdefgory A first-year programmer at Facebook apparently makes $115k base, $75k signing bonus, and vests $40k of stock that year. So yes. 
\sama- What will lower the cost of housing in the bay area: building more. What we are trying: everything but that. 
\sama- I am generally much more scared of unit economics than burn rates. 
\sama- The striking thing is that a decent number of them are low-margin businesses, which had been unfashionable (except AMZN) for a long time. 
\sama- In fact, there are 20 private companies here that have raised $1B or more. 
\sama- GOOG raised ~$25M private (!), $1.67B in IPO FB raised ~$2.5B private, $1.5B in IPO Uber: ~$6.6B private Didi Kuaidi: ~$4.4B private 
\sama- If you start an important company, lots and lots of people are going to say it's never going to work. It never stops stinging a little. 
\sama- She could not believe how ridiculous the perks were. She also could not believe how much people cared about their jobs. 
\sama- Took a friend from the Midwest to visit some startups this week. Two observations stuck out: 
\sama- I want to make an app that lets you take a selfie with any background you want behind it. Might eliminate 90% of travel. 
\sama- Welcome Anne, Ben, and Joe! 
\sama- Hut, hut... 
\sama- ZenPayroll is now Gusto: 
\sama- (However, a lot of great founders can't afford the few months to build that product, which is why stuff like the YC Fellowship is important) 
\sama- If you make a product users love, and figure out how to distribute it, and your economics aren't stupid, everything will go your way. 
\sama- Companies fail because they fail to make a product users love. But they don't want to admit that, so they blame investors or whatever. 
\sama- I have never seen a company doing really well die because they were unable to raise money. 
\sama- It has been 6 months since my bubble bet (http://t.co/WUl189h5hP). With 51 months remaining: Prop 1: + ~30% Prop 2: + ~60% Prop 3: ~$300MM 
\sama- "Better censor 'fucking', don't want to offend anyone!" 
\sama- At least the top 2 and maybe now the top 3 Republican candidates are all party outsiders. That's...something. I've never seen it, anyway. 
\sama- A reality TV star is leading the Republican primary, and we get a reality TV debate. And people are surprised? 
\sama- Can't tell the difference between sports people and finance people I follow anymore. Everyone is saying something about a hike and a tumble. 
\sama- Topics banned from my dinner table: *Are we in a bubble? *Is the Fed going to hike? *When is the Twitter board going to make a decision? 
\sama- If you could pick only one science experiment to show a bunch of high school students, which would you pick? (leaning towards double slit) 
\sama- It's obvious that not raising enough money can kill you. It's not obvious that raising too much money can also kill you. 
\sama- 89% of U.S.18-29 year old survey respondents use a computer. 98% have a cell phone! 
\sama- There are almost 600MM smartphone users in China, and a bit under 200MM smartphone users in the U.S. 
\sama- Tech I'm excited about: AI Biotech VR/AR/new computing platforms Energy generation, storage, and transmission Software eats everything 
\sama- .@mattknox it's an input to the model that the employee can tweak. default assumption is average of 6% per year in this case. 
\sama- (I think startup employees should demand this by the way.) 
\sama- Whoa, delighted to see companies including a model with their offer that shows how much an option grant is worth at different exit values! 
\sama- He is a great public speaker though. I'm captivated. 
\sama- 25 minutes into the Trump speech and he hasn't done anything but talk about himself and name drop. Not a single policy statement yet. 
\sama- (what I meant is investors should be more focused on if the price is a good deal. massively overpaying is still bad if others do it too.) 
\sama- I'm always surprised how most investors are more focused on not paying more than other investors in the same round than the absolute price. 
\sama- .@KyleTibbitts I think a basic income would do more. 
\sama- I think Trump would be a horrible President. I also think "Make America Great Again" is the best campaign slogan in a long time. 
\sama- (If you pay very close attention, you might hear "Teterboro" instead of "JFK".) 
\sama- Rich and poor people use the same iPhone all day and have access to the same internet. 
\sama- You cannot tell the billionaires and thousand-aires apart in SF. Same clothes, same iPhone, same Uber, same conversation topics. 
\sama- Someone once told me the way things get done is a combination of focus and personal connections. I believe it more every year. 
\sama- Excellent Rickover quote: 
\sama- For example, I think the best founding team is one great engineer and one great biz person, iff they have the same vision of the future. 
\sama- Though diversity of backgrounds in a startup is good, diversity of vision in a startup is a killer. 
\sama- (who will teach cs183d?) 
\sama- .@reidhoffman To Teach Blitzscaling at Stanford this fall: 
\sama- Big announcement from Stripe today: 
\sama- stripe new product launch 
\sama- Remember, before smartphones, when it was possible to get bored? 
\sama- I get more forwarded email from my parents than my colleagues (and I love it mom and dad!) 
\sama- Be skeptical of software companies that need to raise an A round before they can launch. 
\sama- Most "Disclosure: I am in investor in X" are primarily there to brag. 
\sama- Related: avoid entitled people, in life in general but especially in work. No one should be above doing whatever the team needs to win. 
\sama- People either solve problems or throw up their hands and complain. They tend to stick with one approach or the other. Work with the former. 
\sama- The mental distraction of worry and indecision is so bad. The most effective people I know are great at avoiding. 
\sama- I'm not going to be that surprised if Trump wins. (Yes, I've read why the experts say it can't happen.) 
\sama- it used to be that you added ".com" to add a zero to your valuation. now you just say "recurring revenue". 
\sama- .@pmarca One of these years they will be right, and spend the next several years taking credit for their brilliant foresight. 
\sama- Amazing job, @tim_cook and @apple team. I want one of everything. 
\sama- Does this mean $AAPL gets to be valued as a subscription business now? If so, and with current SV wisdom, $3 trillion company! ;) 
\sama- .@ricky think about it in terms of dollars per minute you use your iPhone 
\sama- Bad, bad day to be a carrier. iPhone upgrade program is super awesome and I've waited for this since the iPhone 3G. 
\sama- Harry Potter photos! Life imitates art. 
\sama- I love watching people claim the Apple event wasn't even that cool and then buying every single product announced :) 
\sama- Seems like a pain for Apple to deal with 90 (!) different iPad SKUs. 
\sama- I think this is as good a time as any for my annual reminder: AAPL is undervalued. 
\sama- Although, to be fair, a great product that people tell their friends about is the best growth hack. 
\sama- (And in the latter case, sell before it stops working.) 
\sama- If you want to be a long-term success, build a great product. If you want to be a short-term success, build a great growth hack. 
\sama- Good founders are experts in one area. Great founders are generalists. 
\sama- And sure, it helps the economy a lot in the short term. But long-term it breaks a lot of things... 
\sama- US high school freshmen have lived in a zero-percent interest rate world for half their lives. 
\sama- Best career advice I have: learn BOTH how to build things and how to understand people (to create products for them, manage them, etc.) 
\sama- (Of course, article talks about race first, and the income piece is somewhat buried. Also noteworthy: drops since 2006 for all but Asians.) 
\sama- Average SAT reading scores by family income: &lt;$20,000: 433 &gt;$200,000: 570 
\sama- Thomas Edison's net worth when he died was $12 million, ~$170M in 2015 dollars. Less than 1/100 of Google, FB, etc founders. 
\sama- An interesting question that I don't know the answer to is why this has really only happened for software engineers. 
\sama- 7/ Also important: culture of engineers getting (significant) owernship in companies. Only way to get really rich is by owning something. 
\sama- 6/ Closest historical precedent was the industrial revolution, but the big winners there seem to mostly be business first and tech second. 
\sama- 5/ Or, as I saw written in graffiti once: "Builders inherit the earth". 
\sama- 4/ It's remarkable--and I think great for the world--that "engineer" is now a better qualification for CEO of a tech company than "MBA". 
\sama- 3/ But now many of the highest-paid jobs are engineers, "developer" is a high-status word, and people can have huge impact early on. 
\sama- 2/ For a long time, the builders were not the ruling class--if you wanted to really succeed, you had to go into finance or get an MBA. 
\sama- 1/ The last few decades are perhaps the first time in history that it's possible to become rich and powerful by being an engineer. 
\sama- In every presidential election since 1984 except one, a Bush or a Clinton has run. 
\sama- Best email I got today: "Y Combinator is freaking huge like a dinasaur (Sauropod)" 
\sama- Would be impossible otherwise and huge underrated advantage. #softwareeatsinvesting 
\sama- The only reason YC can operate at the scale it does is software written by @paulg, @ilikevests, @garrytan, Brett Gibson, @kogir. 
\sama- .@randomspam99 seems too good to me. 
\sama- Going to use this as our definition for failed count going forward. 
\sama- On the stringent definition of "failed", only 177 YC companies have actually shut down in the legal sense (not counting adrift, acquired). 
\sama- Oh, another important stat: about 300 of the companies we have funded have shut down. 
\sama- And I'll mention all of these companies actually went through YC--we didn't write a tiny check into their Series D and then claim credit. 
\sama- Valuations and fundraising are not success, but we get asked about this so often we try to update our numbers every year or so. 
\sama- YC companies are now worth more than $65,000,000,000 8 of them are worth more than $1,000,000,000 40 are worth more than $100,000,000 
\sama- YC stats: 
\sama- Yay @qasar! 
\sama- Teespring partners with the NFL--great news and big congrats @jaltma! 
\sama- "I always think about how to get 90% of the result with 10% of the effort." -@paultoo 
\sama- "Companies don't fail because they didn't work 10% harder, they fail because they work on the wrong things." -@paultoo 
\sama- Damn, I wish Twitter would let you fix typos caused by trying to shorten for 140 characters! *have little to do with... 
\sama- A great one-on-one conversation is much more reflective--it show you'll be in brainstorming meetings, at recruiting, at sales, etc. 
\sama- Coding puzzles on a whiteboard having little to do with being a great engineer. A polished pitch has little to do with being a great founder 
\sama- Every really great investment I've ever made came out of a relatively casual two-way conversation with the founders. 
\sama- I think I am in the extreme minority on this, but when looking at a company I never prefer a pitch deck to a conversation. 
\sama- Writing up all my advice for early-stage startups. It looks so easy when it's all written down. Then reality happens :) 
\sama- Here is the question: where can it possibly go next? 
\sama- In 99/00 we had the tech bubble in SV. Then shifted to NY with the finance bubble. Now it's in DC w/the government (interest rate) bubble. 
\sama- Here is my theory of recent bubbles: 
\sama- Panic sets in as the S&amp;P approaches levels not seen since last October. 
\sama- Please send another email, Tim. 
\sama- However, since people say I never say anything positive about bitcoin: it looks like real transaction volume is finally picking up. Big. 
\sama- The combined total valuation of bitcoin startups is worth significantly more than that combined total value of all bitcoins. 
\sama- When someone gives you career advice, think "Will this person be negatively affected (or made envious) if everyone like me doesn't listen?" 
\sama- However, you have to be patient about getting rich. In fact, the most valuable paths usually involve not being rich for awhile. 
\sama- This is a relic of a world where climbing the corporate ladder was the only path. Now there are many paths. And you don't have to wait. 
\sama- One of the worst lies the world tells you: "You have to be patient and pay your dues". Not true. Always strive for better now. 
\sama- #blackmondayavertedbytimcook 
\sama- .@levie he single-handedly saved the market! impressive. 
\sama- Amazing that the market cap of Apple can swing $100 billion in 2.5 hours. 
\sama- .@pmarca Here is the more interesting question: if we get a 30%+ drop, what will the Fed pull out of the toolbox? 
\sama- "What do you call that bedtime feeling of dread about the morning that's the opposite of Christmas Eve?" -trader friend 
\sama- Founders: markets go up and down. If you need lots of external capital, you need to worry about it. If you don't, you don't. 
\sama- Honestly, a very under-rated benefit of investing in startups is the price doesn't quote every day. It's so much less stressful. 
\sama- On the upside, maybe everyone can stop the handwringing about a quarter point rate hike in September? 
\sama- Does anyone know what percentage of Chinese stocks (by market cap) are still suspended from trading? 
\sama- In the last year, the price of oil is down by about 63% (almost 3x!) , while the price of a gallon of gas in the US is only down about 22%. 
\sama- hmmm 
\sama- I think we still underestimate how much of a breakthrough the iPhone was, and it feels already like it changed everything. 
\sama- Thiel is far smarter than I will ever be, but wow was he wrong not to call the iPhone a technological breakthrough: 
\sama- I.E., maybe public companies worth less than many tens of billions of dollars are ruled by short-term shareholders. 
\sama- Crazy thought: maybe it's totally rational, b/c being public means less value creation for all but the best/most powerful companies. 
\sama- The standard principle is that liquidity is worth a premium, and so this makes no sense. 
\sama- Lots of people talking about how crazy it is that private companies have a valuation premium relative to public companies. 
\sama- It takes 2500 gallons of water to produce a pound of beef. But restaurants only serve water on demand because of the drought. 
\sama- I'm in the rare mood for a new TV series. Last two were Battlestar Galactica and Friday Night Lights, loved both. Any recommendations? 
\sama- Just realized that interest rates have trended down my entire lifetime. 
\sama- To all those saying "Trump will eventually say something ridiculous and implode": if nothing yet has done it, why are you still confident? 
\sama- "I don't have a TV" is the new "I don't have a landline" 
\sama- wow @a16z just pwned me with a much better post--read this instead: 
\sama- .@kimmaicutler I think, if not yet true, it will be at some point soon. One of the non-obvious rate limits of YC. Thinking about what to do. 
\sama- The YC Winter 2015 batch has raised $227,000,000 already! 
\sama- In the last month, AAPL has lost the approximate total market cap of all US unicorns combined. #perspective 
\sama- Going to be an exciting last third of the year for YC! 
\sama- OH: "I sorta forgot stocks can go down." 
\sama- YC team after demo day. 
\sama- Here's something we haven't seen since 2012: earlier today, the S&amp;P was down from its year-ago price. 
\sama- Congratulations to YC S2015: 
\sama- The three calls I've gotten from reporters this morning: "Is it a bubble?" "Is bitcoin dead?" "Is the AM hack the end of the Internet?" 
\sama- Oh another super common example I left out--people using "ARR" to mean "revenue" 
\sama- Financial Misstatements 
\sama- Someone introduced themselves to me as a "thought leader" yesterday. 
\sama- Someone introduced themselves to me as a "thought leader" yesterday. 
\sama- But that said--people should heed @bgurley. Especially about burn rates. 
\sama- Ideally about a particular company or technology. 
\sama- I think for every comment someone makes about the tech bubble he/she should have to make two about something actually interesting. 
\sama- thanks for having me! 
\sama- Sobering reminder for many startups. 
\sama- Apple has grown revenue more than 33% compounded for the last 5 years. They trade at less than 3 times revenue. 
\sama- Maybe this means I am hopelessly old-school. But I don't think so. 
\sama- My general reaction when meeting with startups these days is terror when they tell me their burn rate. 
\sama- Followup: neither hard work nor a great idea alone will make you successful. Only hard work on the right thing counts. 
\sama- The Post-YC Slump: 
\sama- The best thing about @ycombinator: my partners. They make me happy to go to work every day. 
\sama- Blog post coming tomorrow about how to keep doing well after YC ends. The post-YC slump is a killer of good companies. 
\sama- (But it's a super expensive mistake when it comes to startup investing.) 
\sama- Extremely difficult-to-avoid mistake: having an opinion of the world, and then misinterpreting data to fit that opinion. 
\sama- Calm before the storm 
\sama- We will continue to scale up YC, but for now, we're going to have to turn down a huge number of promising cos due to our own constraints :( 
\sama- We are sending out YC Fellowship interview invites today. There were probably 10-20x more companies we wish we could have interviewed. 
\sama- Startups: worth ever more as long as they keep growing, and then $0 if they stop growing. 
\sama- But high cash comp for investors makes them risk-averse--they don't want it to stop. It makes them less likely to actually fund innovation. 
\sama- Investing the excess fees in the firm itself is just as good, which I believe is what @a16z and others do. 
\sama- Low salaries and high equity--what we and other investors ask of our founders--makes everyone focus on long-term big wins. 
\sama- Incidentally this is the cap at YC, but no one goes that high. 
\sama- I'd love to see VCs cap their salaries at $300k and invest the excess fees in their fund alongside their LPs. Returns would improve. 
\sama- alumni demo day @ycombinator! 
\sama- "Let me not die while I am still alive." Why is it that adults need to be reminded of this, while kids never do? 
\sama- Just seems easier to spin out Yahoo than spin out Alibaba given the tax issues etc. 
\sama- I.E., investors can get what they want, and Mayer can take the Yahoo operating businesses private for free. And fits tax code easily. 
\sama- Serious question--if Yahoo without Alibaba and Yahoo Japan is worth nothing, why don't they just spin out the operating businesses? 
\sama- I love burning man. Best week of the year in SF. 
\sama- pre-Demo Day prep 
\sama- (I should disclose: I do not have a degree.) 
\sama- It's so much better to hire for what someone has done and what he/she seems capable of doing in the future. 
\sama- I'm always amazed how much stock people put in e.g. a Stanford degree. The best and worst graduates of Stanford have the same degree. 
\sama- Special guest in the house helping with @ycombinator Demo Day prep: "You know what you should do? You should..." 
\sama- "I started a new company yesterday. It involves buying drones with bitcoin in developing markets. $20MM pre and we are oversubscribed." 
\sama- It's incredible how much progress people can make in a few years. 
\sama- One of the hardest parts of evaluating founders is predicting how good they will be in 3 years. Especially hard with young founders. 
\sama- 3/ OR you can just sit on Twitter and complain. Up to you. 
\sama- 2/ So if you think bitcoin is a joke and AGI is gonna happen--you can work on that! Or DNA diagostics. Whatever you want! 
\sama- 1/ Cool thing about Silicon Valley: you can work on whatever you think the future is. 
\sama- It is remarkable how much value in tech is created by immigrants, and how hard we make it for them to come start companies here :( 
\sama- main thought in my head as i'm reading YC Fellowship applications. "these are so good. hmm, we could fund 10,000 of them for only $120MM..." 
\sama- The U.S. Digital Service: 
\sama- thinking of putting a sign in my office: "eventually all businesses are valued as a multiple of earnings." 
\sama- Another key to success: learn to ignore haters. This is hard. 
\sama- People fall into the camp of talkers or doers. Learning to quickly differentiate is an important key to success. 
\sama- 3) (it really is awesome) 
\sama- 2) today, a YC founder: "bookface is probably the most valuable piece of software for our company. an incredible advantage for YC cos." 
\sama- 1) a long time ago, @garrytan built an internal social network for YC founders called bookface. he's evolved it a lot since. 
\sama- Projects and Companies: 
\sama- All palaces are temporary palaces 
\sama- One of the biggest reasons startup investing is so hard is some of the best companies address markets that are ~0 today and huge in 10 yrs. 
\sama- Next time an investor tells you your market is too small, ask them for the size of the market 10 years ago for Airbnb, Uber, or Snapchat. 
\sama- Basically, it's an early predictor for the founder qualities that matter most. 
\sama- The best founders are always very responsive. I used to wonder why. It indicates decisiveness, focus, intensity, ability to get stuff done. 
\sama- BTW, I started off the YC interview with @nebia extremely skeptical. But I spent the last few mins showering, and decided "yes" in 2 mins. 
\sama- The shower of the future launched today: By @Nebia (YC W15) 
\sama- 80,000 hours launches a tool to help you figure out what your career should be: 
\sama- You can skip all the parties, all the conferences, all the press, all the tweets. Build a great product and get users and win. 
\sama- The most impressive people I know spent their time with their head down getting shit done for a long, long time. 
\sama- There are lots of important corollaries. In general, avoid name-droppers of all sorts. "Agents", "connectors", "advisors", etc. 
\sama- (And also inversely proportional to the amount of impressive stuff he/she gets done in the world.) 
\sama- The amount someone brags about his/her connections is inversely proportional to the strength of those connections. 
\sama- Google: the Y Combinator of big tech companies. 
\sama- lesson number two: if you don't have momentum, nothing except getting momentum will solve your problems. but founders try everything else. 
\sama- lesson: the tiring is banging your head against the wall, not the number of hours worked. 
\sama- on the other hand, founders of startups where things aren't working well are often burnt out, even though they are working much less hard. 
\sama- founders of startups with a lot of momentum (i.e. fast growth and passionate users) almost never complain about burnout. 
\sama- startups that died from technical debt: Friendster. but huge graveyard of startups that stopped product dev to fix tech debt. (h/t @rabois) 
\sama- Great people and lame people are both infectious. 
\sama- the key question: do you build something that uses software, or do you build software to help do something else? 
\sama- software+car design beats GM, software plus rocket design beats NASA, software plus drug design hopefully soon beats Merck 
\sama- a huge amount of recent startup success has been "software plus x". software plus cars beats taxis, software plus homes beats hotels, ... 
\sama- Finally using Pages and Numbers for the first time. They are honestly so much better than the Microsoft Office equivalents. 
\sama- "TWTR is trading below its IPO price." "The past two years have seen the rise of an unprecedented technology bubble." 
\sama- but were you paid to go to your gay friends' wedding? 
\sama- The "if you are politician you can never ever change your view on something or we will call you out on it in a debate" thing is very bad. 
\sama- Saturday Night Live can just run this debate as taped. 
\sama- If I ever gave someone famous money to attend my wedding, I would certainly not admit it on national TV. 
\sama- First 50 minutes of GOP debating spent on immigration, abortion, terrorism, and Obamacare. Ok, got the priorities. 
\sama- On helping founders: "It's easy to enable a can of gasoline. It's difficult to enable a wet blanket." 
\sama- when you are standing on the exponential curve of technology, it looks flat behind you and vertical in front of you. but it's just a curve. 
\sama- am i the only one that think it's dumb to get a GIF in response to an email? 
\sama- old VCs who say a new technology won't happen are usually wrong. old VCs who say a new technology will happen are only sometimes wrong. 
\sama- a slight variation on Clarke's first law: 
\sama- 5/ finally, you should include a spreadsheet w/offers that includes the cap table, liquidation prefs, and various future dilution scenarios. 
\sama- 4/ you probably shouldn't hire them anyway. you should be happy people are asking for a lot of equity, especially with a low salary. 
\sama- 3/ even the most mission-oriented people want to be treated fairly. and if you don't think early hires will add 2-3% of value, 
\sama- 2/ you're competing with a) the person starting his/her own company for 33-50% of the equity and b) google etc. paying $500k/year 
\sama- 1/ startups: you cannot expect to hire top talent in the early days and be stingy with equity 
\sama- 5/ lots of these more junior investors are actually great people, and many are more effective that the senior ones. but usually can't act. 
\sama- 4/ but in any case, lots of YC founders have spent lots of time with a "partner" to later be told "ok i'm going to hand you off to a GP now" 
\sama- 3/ though i'll mention that everyone at YC called "partner" is actually a parter, with full decision-making ability 
\sama- 2/ now everyone is called "partner"--the title has inflated to become meaningless. you need to ask "do you have decision-making ability?" 
\sama- 1/ it used to be that founders could just ask if an investor was a partner to determine decision-making ability 
\sama- this is most painfully visible to me in startups that do great during YC and then after focus on a bunch of other things until they fail. 
\sama- "well the standard advice about needing to focus on growth doesn't really apply to our startup because..." ~always correlates with failure 
\sama- 2/ but i'm also confident people will always find ways to manufacture exclusivity and status. "post-scarcity" will never happen. 
\sama- 1/ i am confident that we will one day have enough food, water, and shelter for everyone 
\sama- the big question: will that be workable in a low-growth economy? 
\sama- (federal debt is only about 103% of that) 
\sama- US total debt to GDP: 331.7% 
\sama- someone applied to YCF with a new talent studio for them. i didn't believe the market size numbers, but sure enough... 
\sama- there's this whole world of teenage youtube celebrities, most with more twitter followers than @elonmusk, that i just don't get at all. 
\sama- if you are not willing to take a short-term stock hit for long-term wins, you won't be great. few CEOs are willing to do this. 
\sama- on the other hand, CEOs that care a lot about what wall street thinks disappoint nearly 100% of the time. 
\sama- but it can sometimes work if you hire a missionary CEO (@tim_cook, @satyanadella) that doesn't care too much about wall street. 
\sama- missionaries are good CEOs; good founders are missionaries. for a long time, when VCs hired an outside CEO they hired a mercenary. 
\sama- my slightly different take on the founder/non-founder CEO debate is that it's really about missionary/mercenary CEO. 
\sama- getting tempted to buy TWTR 
\sama- delighted to have @liseman join the team full-time. emails from YC hardware cos saying "he is amazing this is so great" already pouring in. 
\sama- I've noticed my friends doing most other things complain about not being taken seriously because they're young 
\sama- are there any other industries besides sports, entertainment, and startups where the general consensus is young people are too favored? 
\sama- mob justice is not justice: 
\sama- pundits need to decide if it's irresponsible for tech companies to go public early and risk public market money or late and deny opportunity 
\sama- people talk too much about the lessons they learn from failure. those are often dangerous. much better to learn from success. 
\sama- though i don't think employees should expect pre-IPO liquidity, they should get to sell stock when the founders do. 
\sama- One thing that surprises founders about YC: We will let you fail. We are not your boss. We give you advice but don't force you to follow it. 
\sama- excited about this company in the current YC batch: 
\sama- i think i tweet a lot. i have 3,100 tweets. @pmarca has 61,500 tweets. the AI is already upon us! 
\sama- even people who have been around startups for a long time underestimate how important frugality at the start is 
\sama- ("a lot" meaning e.g. tens of millions a few months in) 
\sama- in theory an early-stage startup should be able to raise a lot of money and not spend it. in practice it seems to usually kill them. 
\sama- I understand SF is crazy expensive as a new founder. I have limited sympathy when you are instacarting bottled water after soulcycle. 
\sama- $25k in free data science credit for YC companies: 
\sama- main thing people get wrong about public tech company valuations is that it's not so much the P/E ratio has gone up as the E has gone up. 
\sama- Nice thing about this model is that 2,000 companies per year is the same cost as 1 Series B. Just need to figure out how to scale advice. 
\sama- Also, we are going to have to say no to a huge number of good teams--though if the program works, we will try to expand it quickly. 
\sama- We got more than 6500 applications for the YC Fellowship--more than 6x my expectation. May take a bit longer to review than we planned. 
\sama- in way more than half of cases, there is something i find more impressive elsewhere in the application. 
\sama- first surprise of YC Fellowship applications: people are bad at "In two sentences, say the most impressive thing about this team /startup" 
\sama- Of these 7 companies, only 1 had a single founder--Amazon. 
\sama- (Though, as someone points out, the average age of engineers earlier in the life of the project was younger, perhaps around 25.) 
\sama- But younger than the average age of NASA engineers when we landed on the moon (28). 
\sama- For an average age of 25. Which incidentally is the same average as the scientists working on the atomic bomb. 
\sama- The youngest founder among these is 19 (x4) and the oldest 36. Ages are: 19, 19, 19, 19, 20, 21, 22, 24, 25, 25, 26, 29, 30, 32, 33, 33, 36. 
\sama- there are 7 US tech companies worth &gt; 100B founded since 1970. They are Apple, Google, Microsoft, Oracle, Facebook, Amazon, Cisco. 
\sama- oh another one: "we get great PR" 
\sama- wow! 
\sama- weird side effect of investing in startups: when everyone else remarks on a public stock moving 30% in 4 months you think "is that all?" 
\sama- sort of funny to see journalists who spend their entire lives on twitter talk about it not being good enough/popular enough. 
\sama- "we'll just do both" #FamousStartupLastWords 
\sama- it's always amazing to me how many people wait until the literal last minute to submit YC applications 
\sama- 5) in fact, one of the hardest things about evaluating very young founders is that the rate of improvement can be so high (or so low). 
\sama- 4) it would be crazy not to apply because you don't think you've done something sufficiently high-profile yet. 
\sama- 3) we are looking for people who have done something impressive relative to their lives. we expect far more impressive things in the future! 
\sama- 2) yes, of course we take age/life circumstance into consideration here. we expect many fellows to be early in their careers. 
\sama- 1) getting some questions about "Please tell us about the most impressive thing that each founder has built/achieved" for the YC Fellowship 
\sama- very nice sort-of compliment i got today: "there is no one in the world i'd rather have deal with a crisis than you". 
\sama- Hiring chronically negative people as early startup employees is a self-fulfilling prophecy, and the biggest non-obvious hiring mistake. 
\sama- craziest email of the day "it was unethical for YC to launch the Fellowship because it hurts preaccelerator's value propositions." 
\sama- (mostly a consequence of salaries being so high they can't afford to hire many, so they're just getting good at being efficient.) 
\sama- finally, startups are bragging about few engineers they have, not how many. 
\sama- finally, startups are bragging about few engineers they have, not how many. 
\sama- reminder: YC fellowship deadline is tomorrow at 8 pm pacific. 
\sama- The software that runs YC is getting to the point where it works better and looks better than most consumer products I use. 
\sama- 9) You need to replan immediately. Don't delude yourself. 
\sama- 8) As a founder, if things start slipping or growth and revenue does not match expectations, remember that things compound to get worse. 
\sama- 7) things in such a way that no investor is very involved (or even receiving meaningful updates). 
\sama- 6) This is, of course, another danger for party round companies--they often end up in precarious situations because they structured 
\sama- 5) to know is what is happening with the major investors/board members in these companies? Your job is to warn first-time founders. 
\sama- 4) easy to raise again this time. But it almost always ends in heartbreak. The founders are to blame here for sure, but what I really 
\sama- 3) are natural optimists they always expect it to turn around, and b) they assume that because money was easy to raise last time it will be 
\sama- 2) it turns out that a) they get there gradually by things not working quite as well as expected and not course correcting, and b/c they 
\sama- 1) I used to wonder a lot how founders got themselves into the situation of 4 months of cash remaining, high burn, slow growth, and no plan 
\sama- the biggest beneficiaries of a tech boom in the bay area are the landlords 
\sama- Pro Rata: 
\sama- second-biggest status symbol in Silicon Valley: first-name-only name drops. 
\sama- John Hennessy speaking at YC for the first time! 
\sama- fundraising is not winning 
\sama- one more thing--welcome to YC, @MattKrisiloff! 
\sama- wow--i somehow missed the news that ashley madison was apparently hacked. this may turn out to be a big moment in the history of security... 
\sama- .@garrytan @KatManalac and @jlevy @cjoneslevy kirsty, and @ilikevests (who among other things made the site which is getting so much love) 
\sama- Airbnb for business: 
\sama- TechCrunch on the YC Fellowship: 
\sama- site with more info: (and i LOVE the logo @ilikevests made) 
\sama- The YC Fellowship: 
\sama- i operate in business assuming people won't screw me. occasionally i get really screwed. it's still worth it. 
\sama- on warm nights San Francisco is the best city in the world 
\sama- little-known fact: the single piece of JavaScript on HN was contributed by @paultoo 
\sama- i have never seen a spectacle in american politics quite like the trump show. wonder what republican party leaders are saying privately. 
\sama- note: I know it's usable up to a certain point. I just think it's much worse than in-person in subtle ways for important conversations. 
\sama- i wonder how much each 5 ms of latency makes it harder to have a conversation over video chat. i bet a huge amount. 
\sama- companies pursuing a "two-path process"--considering both a finance round and an acquisition--really want to sell in at least 95% of cases 
\sama- lawyer called me a "true financial engineering genius" after solving a complex problem. not sure if i have learned everything, or nothing. 
\sama- everyone who has done something impressive remembers someone telling them "that will never work" 
\sama- twitter poll: what wasn't covered in our startup class (http://t.co/7AczAlErjG) that would be most useful to cover if we do it again? 
\sama- how i know i am old: i just saw a new S600 and thought, "whoa, cool car" 
\sama- comment from guy next to me: "i love it when GoGo is really expensive on a flight, because then less plebs use it and slow me down" ಠ_ಠ 
\sama- wrote software to visualize the ratio of numbers to letters in every investor update I've received, by time and company. fascinating. 
\sama- the companies i have made the most money on were generally the least liked by investors. coin flip on the press. 
\sama- focus on 1) the founders 2) the size of the market in 10 years and 3) the founders' plan to eventually build a monopoly in that market 
\sama- advice to new angel investors: ignore what other investors think about a company, good or bad. ignore what the press thinks, good or bad. 
\sama- most great tech companies were founded by people that are "inexperienced" 
\sama- big theme for picking good founders: value determination and aptitude over experience and credentials 
\sama- "I'm just gonna be honest and tell you I read reddit every day, instead of these other reporters that claim not to read it but do non-stop" 
\sama- the most frustrating part of programming is always that computers do exactly what you tell them to do. 
\sama- The Electric Car by @gralston: 
\sama- so unfair to ellen. but power of the internet: 20 yrs ago, i would have sent a letter to the editor and pray. now i just publish it myself! 
\sama- (and, of course, does not bother noting that the story was 'updated') 
\sama- the fact that the new york times continually rewrites stories about silicon valley from fact to opinion says more about than NYT than SV 
\sama- this is a crazy example of problems in journalism: 
\sama- 7 rejections for Airbnb: 
\sama- half the price, half the time, most of the benefit. 
\sama- in all the go to college/don't go to college debate a third option gets lost--go to 2 years of college. i was really happy with that. 
\sama- really happy steve returned as reddit ceo. only thing better would have been if @SnoopDogg took the job. 
\sama- whenever people compliment my writing i always want to call up a certain middle school english teacher and say "see! i'm not hopeless!" 
\sama- in unrelated news, i have a post at #1 on the front page of reddit! 
\sama- .@StevenSandhoff @om @alexisohanian she resigned; i wanted to take the chance to share my thoughts as a board member. 
\sama- i am doing a reddit AMA: 
\sama- thank you ellen and welcome back steve: 
\sama- I would like YC to fund dozens of computer security companies in the next couple of years. Feels like the world is very exposed. 
\sama- it makes me really happy how often people say something to me about YC doing the most of any investor to encourage hard tech companies 
\sama- the shanghai composite is now down 32% in the last month. 
\sama- 2/ of 10% each day. State buying the big names. I wonder how much the market would really be down without these factors. 
\sama- 1/Chinese stock market is down 30% in a few weeks. More amazingly, 25% of stocks have _stopped trading_, and many small stocks down the max 
\sama- .@sarahkunst @nebiainc yes! amazing water pressure and amazingly little water usage. i love it. 
\sama- Philip of @nebia came to my house to install their showerhead prototype. best shower of my life. get excited! 
\sama- .@rosaleshv more startups in general. big, long-term trend. 
\sama- ten points to whoever first correctly guesses what i think caused the spike around 11 on this graph 
\sama- applications to YC by batch for the past 17 batches: 
\sama- a seemingly accurate tweet from me: 
\sama- and a comment on this from HN worth reading: 
\sama- wow. stomach-wrenching read: 
\sama- and then just walk away 
\sama- favorite way to troll physicists working on a grand unified theory: "if it's a simulation, why do gravity and QM need to be linked at all?" 
\sama- (favorite question to get from a founder) 
\sama- "we have 30% of this multi-billion market and are growing 15%/month but our growth rate is slowing as we approach 100%. what should we do?" 
\sama- 3/ one we are unwilling to postpone, and one we intend to win" -JFK, 1962 
\sama- 2/ goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, 
\sama- 1/ "We choose to go to the Moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard; because that 
\sama- I hate to see people on their phones at the dinner table 
\sama- 4/ That said, we love it when the YC ecosystem gets stronger! And we think that previous founders make some of the best investors. 
\sama- 3/ they're making their own determination of what that list is. And certainly no venture funds have the ability to get companies into YC. 
\sama- 2/ we begin to treat them as investors first and not alumni. When any funds say they invest in "the top YC companies of each batch", 
\sama- 1/ Although we're happy to hear when YC alums raise a venture fund, they have no special access to YC. In fact, they have less access; 
\sama- probably the most frequent sentence of advice i give to founders: "just tell [him/her/them]". 
\sama- As long as i've been working around startups, the shock and dismay of opening a giant legal bill never wears off. 
\sama- Shout on YC: 
\sama- what an obvious, sensible solution that will clearly end well: 
\sama- there are 22 companies building hardware in the current YC batch! 
\sama- facebook, twitter, and linkedin stock prices since jan 1, 2014: 
\sama- donald trump is polling #2 in the republican field. wut. 
\sama- remember that their incentives may be different than yours. 
\sama- so when your VC tells you they think it's a really good idea for you to raise a huge round at a high valuation, 
\sama- are what they mostly talk to LPs about, and the biggest determiner in how well they're doing. 
\sama- 2) when VC firms go to raise a subsequent fund in 3 years, the "marks"--ie the valuations from the last round of their portfolio companies-- 
\sama- in fees iff they actually invest all the capital 
\sama- 1) VC firms only get their annual management fee on dollars they invest. if they have a $1 billion dollar fund, they get $25 million a year 
\sama- the two most important things i've learned to understand odd VC behavior: 
\sama- .@SunnyRJuneja it is remarkable how far you can reading books and talking to smart people 
\sama- .@jakedewitte no degrees in any field! 
\sama- awww thank you @jakedewitte! 
\sama- update from @mwseibel: 
\sama- Building an edtech startup? Apply to @ImagineK12 to get $100k funding and awesome mentorship from @gralston 
\sama- Tsipras actually uses the hashtag #greferendum 
\sama- it is remarkable that Greek dramas are now played out on Twitter. 
\sama- Energy: 
\sama- if i had to write simulation software, i wouldn't bother rendering the "view" until someone looked at it either. 
\sama- the delayed choice experiments should make people at least carefully consider the simulation hypothesis: 
\sama- When venture investors start to believe every great company has already been founded, it's a great time to retire. 
\sama- BUT bitcoin is up 6% in the last month!! 
\sama- Chinese stock market down 20% in ten days. Greek currency controls; euro maybe beginning to fall apart. US 1 year treasury yield 0.29%. 
\sama- i would not have predicted wework would become NYC's $10B startup. startup investing is hard. 
\sama- worth remembering that outside of our networks, roughly half the country is mourning the two big Supreme Court decisions from last week. 
\sama- per aspera ad astra. of course we still love you, @spacex. 
\sama- incredibly interesting day of sessions at #scifoo! 
\sama- interesting thought from SciFoo: indicator of bubbles is rising trading volume with rising asset prices. in non-bubble expect the opposite. 
\sama- surprising stat: average S&amp;P PE ratio: 20.5 average S&amp;P Tech PE ratio: 19.5 
\sama- .@alvincrespo instructive comment "investors in BOS told me why my idea might fail. investors in the valley talked about how it might work." 
\sama- 4/ Finally, Boston is where I started my company, and so I have a special affinity for it. 
\sama- 3/ I also said Boston ought to be 1 of the best places in the world for startups, which I really believe. but attacking me won't make it so. 
\sama- 2/ which was my observation from my visit last fall. most of the founders I met with said they wanted to leave. 
\sama- 1/ dear Boston people emailing me: I didn't say the Boston startup scene was dead, a reporter did. All I said was it feels pessimistic, 
\sama- .@jason_pontin don't know how Genentech started. but one thing I have learned from watching tiny startups grow huge is not to be dismissive. 
\sama- .@jason_pontin MSFT started by selling a BASIC interpreter. GOOG started by developing another search engine. both felt "small" at the time. 
\sama- in the mean time, we will continue with our "small scale app-y...flippable little things", and extend a warm welcome to Boston transplants! 
\sama- But I honestly can't figure out why. Boston should be one of the best places for startups anywhere. Lots of rich people and universities. 
\sama- The editor of the MIT tech review, @jason_pontin, said this last year about YC (and other tweets since deleted): 
\sama- An investor there (from TechStars) was the only one to take the other side of my tech bubble bet 
\sama- It feels like a pessimistic environment for startups. We hear from startups that investors there are very tough to work with 
\sama- I got asked today by a reporter why YC moved from Boston and why the Boston startup scene feels dead 
\sama- "the world needs more people solving big problems, not building apps, so I'm going to complain about it instead of building something." 
\sama- the Scalia same-sex marriage dissent reads more like an onion article than anything else. 
\sama- apparently 2014 US inflation was 0.8% against a target of 2.0%. maybe 0% interest rates are too high?! 
\sama- (interspersed, of course, with VCs saying "there's a bubble!") 
\sama- for the past month or so, it feels like i cannot open my computer without reading about another startup raising $25-100MM 
\sama- remember when people got excited about memory sticks? now there are computer sticks. 
\sama- Happy 10th birthday, reddit! 
\sama- got a @devialet speaker. unbelievable full-volume performance! 
\sama- i'm doing online office hours with @ilikevests on HN on friday: 
\sama- i wrote this in ~20 minutes 2 years ago and still get many emails a week saying thanks. the internet is impressive. 
\sama- But I will at least say the WSJ should go take a walk around my home town of St Louis, or even Silicon Valley for that matter. 
\sama- But I will at least say the WSJ should go take a walk around my home town of St Louis, or even Silicon Valley for that matter. 
\sama- I got up from my computer and went for a walk after reading that. Don't even know how to respond :( 
\sama- so disappointed that the WSJ printed: "Today the system and philosophy of institutionalized racism identified by Dr. King no longer exists." 
\sama- watch this: 
\sama- thank you kalam! 
\sama- one of the most important reason to say "no" to things is that obligations build up, distract you, and make you miss future opportunities. 
\sama- my favorite startups pitches are the ones where i hate it at the beginning and love it by the end. 
\sama- Welcome Amy, Susan, Colleen, and Steven: 
\sama- until you get product/market fit, you want to a) live as long as possible and b) iterate as quickly as possible. small teams FTW for both. 
\sama- first-time founders often think that raising a large round or hiring a lot of people will solve their problems and are usually disappointed. 
\sama- in general, hiring before you get product/market fit slows you down, and hiring after you get product market fit speeds you up. 
\sama- 2) public shaming sense, not the racist sense, which i now know is the more prevalent use case. next time i'll use a different word. 
\sama- 1) here is an example of a mistake: i shouldn't have used the word lynchmob, and i regret it. i've heard it used in the 
\sama- This seems unlikely to be a good development. At some point the conversations will only have the extremists left. 
\sama- Most smart people I know have decided to just not discuss anything sensitive because of the internet lynchmob looking for any slight mistake 
\sama- there are way more people with opinions about how to fix twitter/what twitter has done wrong than people who could actually run twitter 
\sama- 1.1% of all US row-crop farm acres started using @FarmLogs...in the last month! 
\sama- i remember so clearly the first time i ever made a program other people could use. it was one of the best feelings ever. 
\sama- i hate watching people kill the joy of creation in first-time developers by saying "another stupid app". c'mon, you were young once. 
\sama- had lunch with @parkerconrad today. left thinking "i think most people seriously underestimate how big the @zenefits vision is". 
\sama- never let tactics set strategy. 
\sama- I wish internet trolls had to listen to their parents read their comments out loud 
\sama- (i said i agreed it hadn't worked yet and was very overhyped, but wasn't definitely dead. he said "ok, but there are so many better things") 
\sama- just met with an 18 year old iOS developer: "bitcoin? that's what all those old people were wrong about". 
\sama- sometimes i feel like a unique, special person, but then i use google suggest. 
\sama- one of the weird things about twitter and news about twitter is that the users who really love it are journalists: 
\sama- the airbnb founders are always among my favorite YC dinner talks 
\sama- There is a founder in the current YC batch from a small village in Pakistan that had not heard of or used the Internet until 2007! 
\sama- i have been waiting for someone to write an article like this: 
\sama- most accelerators focus more on helping you pitch your business than build your business--ie create a product + get customers. avoid these. 
\sama- the best investors dig in and figure out the answer to the first-order question. 
\sama- in the mean time, lazy investors use growth rate as a proxy for product love, but often get tricked by growth hackers. 
\sama- they eventually converge, but it often takes years. 
\sama- a much better metric than growth rate for early-stage startup success is how much users love the product. but it's much harder to measure. 
\sama- "You will never be successful until I don't have to give you a dime to do what you do." 
\sama- i missed this yesterday, but please watch the McKinney video if you haven't already. absolutely chilling. 
\sama- one of the most costly mistakes in investing is to let people who failed once at an idea talk you out of trying a very similar idea again. 
\sama- The US has ~2% GDP growth with ~0% interest rates. I wonder what growth would look like with 5% rates. 
\sama- i still get asked very frequently what i think about bitcoin. i wrote this 18 mos ago and still feel the same: 
\sama- Here is a graph of 3-month treasury rates over the past 25 years: 
\sama- got a demo of wolfram language today. one of the most impressive new things I've seen in a long time. 
\sama- that said, we're going to try to continue to fund a lot more hard tech startups at YC, so please keep them coming our way! 
\sama- and that the people that complain about this rarely build anything themselves. 
\sama- i'm all for the hard tech startups, but i think the "easy" consumer web startups of the last 2 decades have transformed our lives 
\sama- "we need to be building more hard startups and less easy web startups", he ranted _on twitter_ all day instead of building a hard co himself 
\sama- does the Facebook "people you may know" feature tend to show people that have searched for you? 
\sama- .@Kevrmoore then we'll fund them. if not, then we part as friends. happens both ways. 
\sama- .@Kevrmoore when investors don't do it, we tell the company if they can get a supermajority of investors to agree to a workable cap table 
\sama- something together that turned out not to work, and everyone is trying again). as long as investors do this, we never ask for changes. 
\sama- .@Kevrmoore believe investors should re-up the founders, otherwise the company gets put in untenable shape (i.e. everyone signed up for 
\sama- .@Kevrmoore i.e. something like 40%+ ownership. this usually only happens through multiple pivots, and in each pivot round i strongly 
\sama- .@Kevrmoore we only ever do that in situations where the investors own so much of a company pre-series-A that we think it will be unfundable 
\sama- every time I visit this office and hang out with @bchesky, I want to work at @Airbnb 
\sama- and if you don't, no amount of networking, press, coffee-grabs, conferences, strategy sessions, lawyer interviews, etc will save you. 
\sama- founders always ask me for "the trick". but there isn't one-either you build something people love and figure out distribution or you don't. 
\sama- the meta mistake founders make is focusing on the wrong thing. the boring stuff of selling and building is what drives success. 
\sama- failing to build more housing is the best thing silicon valley can do to help everyone trying to create the next silicon valley. 
\sama- one more camp YC picture 
\sama- Great article from @LarsLuv on the importance of sales: 
\sama- camp YC 
\sama- for example, i spent the last week in china. it definitely feels like a tech bubble. no one seems very concerned about it. 
\sama- when every tech conversation eventually gets to "are we in a bubble?" it's not likely to be a bubble. worry if everyone turns hyperbull. 
\sama- terry guo took us on a tour of Foxconn today. one of the more impressive tours I have ever been on. 
\sama- I have literally found a black swan! 
\sama- a huge VC blindspot is focus on current market size. what matters is the market size in ten years. 
\sama- worth remembering: the ridesharing market and the electric car market were both near $0 when uber and tesla started. 
\sama- different art appeals to different people, but i would not hang this up in my house if it were free: 
\sama- stuff we used to think was nearly impossible happens all the time. that's the history of technology. 
\sama- tech leaders: "anything within the laws of physics can be built, except we are absolutely certain strong AI can never be built" 
\sama- hard to wrap my head around the AOL valuation being less than the last round zenefits valuation. AOL was such a part of my early teen years. 
\sama- One surprising hack to get into YC! 
\sama- 10 of the 13 YC batches from summer 2007 through summer 2013 are worth more than $1B each! batches since are still early but looking good. 
\sama- if you replace "AI" with "programs making decisions no human understands" more people have a healthy amount of concern. 
\sama- re-posting an interesting read: 
\sama- what is this sorcery?!?! 
\sama- 5) The companies need the discipline of you showing up every month, and they deserve your help where you can. 
\sama- 4) Investors--please please please stop doing large rounds where no investor in the round becomes actively involved 
\sama- 3) I also think investors deserve what they get here-investors have more experience than founders and being helpful to founders is their job 
\sama- 2) The companies that raise large rounds with no investors paying close attention usually underperform. (http://t.co/7To7xM0gJg) 
\sama- 1) I am deeply uncomfortable by the continued phenomenon of startups raising multi-million dollar seed/Series A rounds with no board member 
\sama- as explained to me by a former Google engineer, then consultant, and now founder: 
\sama- my response to the common "you shouldn't ask me if i'll work on my startup for 10 years" pushback: 
\sama- (predicting the future is hard) 
\sama- "I don’t think there’s a big winner in this bunch either" on the YC batch that Zenefits and Teespring came from: 
\sama- a pic of the old zenefits office: 
\sama- congrats to zenefits, who went through YC two years ago and raised 500MM today: 
\sama- from a founder i really respect: "the hardest thing for me to learn was that the market does not care about effort or struggle, only output" 
\sama- one of the best predictors of how well a company is doing is the ratio of numbers to words in their investor update emails 
\sama- "i'm trying to hire an A+ engineer as first non-founder but can't find anyone!! offering 0.5% equity! PLZ HELP!" (i get this 10x/week) 
\sama- though it's not my current buy recommendation, which is tesla if you want high-risk high-reward and apple if you want low-risk medium-reward 
\sama- wow, twitter stock is trading at less than its first-day close as a public company. 
\sama- don't understand the level of excitement around watching two guys cause brain damage to each other 
\sama- so incredibly sad to hear about Dave Goldberg. he was one of the nicest guys in silicon valley. 
\sama- .@garrytan (even this guy's former editor distanced himself from a previous hit piece: 
\sama- .@garrytan defending a16z against a reporter whose hatred of SV continually overshadows his desire to be accurate: 
\sama- a related change is the increase in "buying the logo"--investors putting a tiny percentage of a fund into a company so they can claim credit 
\sama- it's remarkable how much less due diligence gets done for large investments in startups than 5-10 years ago. bad change. 
\sama- excited to be heading to mexico city to meet mexican startups and speak at #PlatziConf! 
\sama- if the riots in baltimore happened in another country we'd cheer them on as protests against a corrupt government. 
\sama- refreshing change to see a founder handle a shutdown like this 
\sama- although i was a vocal opponent (http://t.co/ZSS7Ey0ibA), i respect everything about this message: 
\sama- good way to generate startup ideas: think about places where the money from ultimate buyer of a good/service to the seller gets siphoned off 
\sama- the thing that is hardest for me to get used to about the apple watch is touch screen for some things and buttons/dials for others 
\sama- The days are long but the decades are short: 
\sama- just ate 3 Krispy Kreme donuts. 30 min later I feel bad about not only this but all other decisions in my life. 
\sama- team YC post-interviews 
\sama- we have got to get away from current insurance models. 
\sama- for many medical startups, the pitch is "we're going to make this thing for $10 and get insurance to pay us $10,000!" :( 
\sama- the vibe in a startup's office is such a good predictor of success/failure. 
\sama- this time around, opiates will be the religion of the masses 
\sama- i wish schools would teach people how to communicate clearly. this would probably be more valuable than knowledge in any specific domain. 
\sama- "i wanna fund a weed startup run by non-smokers. good news is they're literally selling drugs. but the founders are always unproductive..." 
\sama- impt lesson from YC interviews: go into each one with no opinion. so often the ones that seem like they will be bad are good and vice versa. 
\sama- back when PG used to cook YC dinners: 
\sama- can we talk about @Harjeet's hair in this pic of the YC team? 
\sama- the old-old school reddit team: 
\sama- the VR demo is always fun. laying on the couch with nausea for the next 30 minutes is not. 
\sama- 3) more generally, bad investors can cause problems for a company like nothing else when things go wrong. 
\sama- 2) we assume that a company that has gone through an accelerator should have been accelerated. if not, we wonder if there's something wrong. 
\sama- 1) i think founders underestimate how much a bad accelerator hurts them--it makes the bar to get in to YC much higher, for example. 
\sama- 4) unfortunately, this is still bad for the companies in these accelerators, especially the ones that don't get the internal A round offer. 
\sama- 3) so perhaps the way to think about the fact that accelerators ex-YC lose money is not that it's a bubble, but that they are lead gen 
\sama- 2) seed funds with an accelerator bolted on. i hadn't really tracked this but it's surprisingly true. 
\sama- 1) yesterday i said there was an accelerator bubble, and just now someone pointed out to me most non-YC accelerators have shifted to become 
\sama- aside from how great it will be to launch small satellites quickly and cheaply, it's great to see how quickly an "atoms" company can move. 
\sama- amazing accomplishment in such a short time. next up is development of a turbopump and a guidance system, and then a launch to space. 
\sama- Bagaveev (YC W15) just launched their first rocket: they started YC ~4 months ago with nothing. 3D printed engine! 
\sama- .@mims i believe that both of these are badly out of whack, but so do most other people, so not as interesting. 
\sama- places where i believe there are bubbles: government, real estate, and startup accelerators 
\sama- "it just doesn't seem that hard." "big company X could do this easily" "what's the secret sauce?" #sentencesthatcostinvestorsmoney 
\sama- unless the answer to that is "yes", the only question about superhuman machine intelligence is "when?" 
\sama- the anti-AI pieces never address the fundamental question: "Do you believe the algorithms in our brain will never be replicated in silicon?" 
\sama- this is among the least-well-argued anti-AI pieces i've read: surprised TC published. 
\sama- long-term thinking is a competitive advantage because almost no one does it 
\sama- the "party" part of party rounds always goes away at the time of the first contentious issue. never fun; usually founder regret. 
\sama- (before someone says the number required is nowhere near N! but something like N^2...go try this in practice. followups are what get you.) 
\sama- the number of 1-on-1 conversations a group needs to reach consensus is around N!. this is why outgunned small startups beat big companies. 
\sama- no one is ever optimistic enough about the great companies. no one is ever pessimistic enough about the mediocre companies. 
\sama- 2) i think one of the most important things YC does for startups is let them stop worrying about money for a little while and just focus 
\sama- 1) everyone knows you can trade money for time, which is great, but the more important thing is you can use money to reduce cognitive load 
\sama- "i dunno, it's better than not turning 30 i guess" 
\sama- the worst part of preparing to turn 30 is how often people ask you how you're feeling about it 
\sama- if you can get to profitability on the money you have without having to raise more, then you're in good shape. if not, you won't sleep well. 
\sama- it is ok to raise money. it is even to burn a lot of money. but you should always strive to have profitable within grasp. 
\sama- i have seen more later stage companies do something stupid because they needed to please investors that for any other reason. 
\sama- and the refrain of later-stage companies: "i know burning 1MM a month is dangerous, but we are special. our investors are committed to us." 
\sama- and so even if investors don't get it, which they often don't, the company can still happen. 
\sama- this applies to almost all stages. one of the big advantages young founders have is they are (more frequently) able to live very cheaply. 
\sama- if a company is profitable; it's controlled by the founders. if it's not, it's controlled by investors. 
\sama- investors behave in unpredictable and sometimes irrational ways; it's dangerous to put your company's fate in their hands 
\sama- so much of startup advice boils down to "try not to be at the mercy of investors" 
\sama- (also, i remember just the computer being this gigantic thing i couldn't lift and now i can easily carry it all. i was a small 7 year old.) 
\sama- almost 22 years ago my parents got me this and it changed everything. love you mom and dad! 
\sama- i wonder how many times a day uber drivers here "so how long have you been driving for uber?" 
\sama- (the irony of someone taking the time to mail me this is why i found it funny enough to tweet) 
\sama- Today I got this in the mail w/no return address: "I don’t care what you think about me. I don’t think about you at all." -Coco Chanel 
\sama- reading YC applications and doing YC interviews are the only times i crave watching TV show at night. 
\sama- New Hacker News Guideline: 
\sama- great advice from @justinkan: "My advice is flip a coin. If you regret the way it landed, then go with your gut." 
\sama- (but the rareness of this is a great example of how difficult original thought is) 
\sama- i really love when i get to read a YC application with an idea i've never heard before or a great new insight on on an old idea 
\sama- it may work in the occasional uber/lyft situation, but it generally does not. 
\sama- it may work in the occasional uber/lyft situation, but it generally does not. 
\sama- of all the bad startup strategies, "raise a giant round and subsidize our product to be cheaper than our competitors'" is one of the worst. 
\sama- a review of yc: 
\sama- my favorite new six-word story: Strangers. Friends. Best Friends. Lovers. Strangers. (http://t.co/NEt726lm9t) 
\sama- recruiting email from today: "i know you have a pretty good gig at yc BUT the tech team here is amazing and maybe you miss coding?" 
\sama- (and yes obviously people buy and hold bitcoin or speculate it but very few people i know use it at least once per month) 
\sama- what is the most recent pre-bitcoin example of a technology that SV has talked about intensely for years with almost no one using? (serious) 
\sama- .@schmidtphi the most critical feature of both is that we are fundamentally a collection of smart people trying to do new things. 
\sama- also, financial cost of harvard undergrad: $260k. financial cost of YC: negative $120k. 
\sama- around 2% 
\sama- we are probably most closely related to a university. sort of crazy how quickly it's possible to overtake the old guard. 
\sama- on current trajectories, in 2-3 years more people will apply to YC than to harvard. 2-3 years after that, more to YC than to stanford. 
\sama- 2) at least $500MM under active management would like to make the bet, i'll do it one more time. 
\sama- 1) also, i was not very precise in my definition of who could take the bet, so if a GP in a silicon valley VC firm with 
\sama- 3) Danielle Morrill, CEO of Mattermark, will track the value of the three portfolios and post the results on January 1st, 2020. 
\sama- 2) The terms are as laid out in this blog post (http://t.co/WUl188Zuqh). 
\sama- 1) Documenting for the future: Michael de la Maza, a Boston-based investor and TechStars mentor, has taken my recent bet on valuations. 
\sama- i do agree that we are in a sort of burn rate bubble: the investors that worry about this can help stop it, though 
\sama- in the minutes before the deadline tonight, we were getting more than one YC application per second 
\sama- asked one of my partners how many apps he thinks we're going to get for next YC batch. read the answer. poured myself a big glass of scotch. 
\sama- these are SO awesome: cc @foundersatwork @ycombinator 
\sama- .@RDesai01 wrote an e-book inspired by the class i taught at stanford last fall! available here: 
\sama- 7) beyond this, i have no further comment on the case 
\sama- 6) instead, i encourage you to listen to women you know that work in tech and form your own impression. i've formed mine. 
\sama- 5) but no one should take one particular case as proof that there is or isn't a problem with sexism in tech 
\sama- 4) a lot of it subtle/unconscious, and of course there are incompetent women just like there are incompetent men 
\sama- 3) that said, whatever this jury decides/whatever happens in this specific case, i believe that sexism in tech is a real problem 
\sama- 2) i'm going to refrain from making specific comments about this case because ellen reports to me and i haven't been in the courtroom 
\sama- 1) journalists have started asking me what i think about the ellen pao trial. i want to say this before the ruling comes down from the jury: 
\sama- ...and second, you shouldn't go on someone's show and call it the junk food of financial advice. they are unlikely to invite you back." 
\sama- my grandma: "i saw you on tv today. first of all, you looked tired. get some rest... 
\sama- .@wizardofid @zalzally @fmanjoo @cdixon the winter 2013 demo day? teespring and zenefits both presented. 
\sama- thanks CNBC a for having me on and being good sports: 
\sama- "stocks plunge"!....never mind the 80% increase in the last 3 years. protip: ignore daily finance headlines 
\sama- nicest compliment of the day: "YC is now operating a level of quality and quantity that no other startup investor has, ever." 
\sama- another nice comment from demo day "there are more companies here with $1MM+ run rates than i see in months of startups pitching A rounds" 
\sama- particularly excited by the response the biotech companies are getting at YC demo day! 
\sama- .@sacca if a 2x and 3x return means sandbagging, not clear at all that part of the market is a bubble. 
\sama- .@sacca also, will you take the other side of my bet? having flashbacks to being the kid on the playground no one wants to play with :( 
\sama- in fact, it's difficult to overstate how important a low-burn culture is in the early days of a startup 
\sama- and finally, high valuations do not mean high burn is a good idea. proud of the fact that most YC companies keep burn low. 
\sama- 2) i'd rather buy an S&amp;P index fund than be an LP in the median VC firm, perhaps even before fees 
\sama- 1) also, please note that just because the companies are not overvalued doesn't mean it's a good idea to be an LP in a VC firm 
\sama- Bubble talk: 
\sama- the number of compliments we've gotten about the diversity of this YC batch is a stark reminder of how far tech still has to go. 
\sama- i made a list of the YC team (at least, the ones that tweet): 
\sama- congrats to the first half of the YC W2015 batch. you did a great job. 
\sama- investor: "you've got to stop making this such a time-bomb auction" 
\sama- sam: "please don't make deals for large amounts of money on demo day" ::investor goes off and makes such deal:: 
\sama- fundraising mistakes founders make (2014): 
\sama- people who troll on twitter at demo day and then don't get invited back to the next one are always so surprised 
\sama- employee equity (2014): 
\sama- YC demo day 
\sama- another nice comment from a founder in the batch: "YC would have been a great deal at triple the equity" 
\sama- founder from current YC batch: "I accomplished more in the last three months than the previous three years of my life." 
\sama- craziest email this morning: "now that i know YC has an internal database on investors, i'll be on my best behavior with all YC companies!" 
\sama- and "the best investors don't ask for discounts/advisor shares. the best investors will impress you so much you want to give 'em a discount" 
\sama- from a great founder: "tell YC founders to please reference check their investors. the more they talk about adding value the less they add." 
\sama- final tweet on valuations for today: what do i do when i think a particular startup is overpriced? i don't invest. 
\sama- .@coolbearcjs (that and betting on smart founders going after markets i understand) 
\sama- .@coolbearcjs oh. they shouldn't do that. only thing that has worked for me in startup investing is learning to think entirely for myself. 
\sama- one way to translate this is "i wish other people would stop driving up prices. this part of the neighborhood is my turf." 
\sama- another lesson is that you should be wary of investors plowing more money than ever into companies while saying everything is overpriced. 
\sama- good companies last longer than macroeconomic cycles anyway. it is far more important to learn to identify good companies that time markets 
\sama- lesson? macroeconomics are extremely hard to predict. stuff goes up and down, but the cycles aren't that long. 
\sama- i made my first investment in a startup in 2009. people said everything was overpriced then. they have said the same thing every year. 
\sama- today i 'drove' a self-driving car to watch 108 very promising new companies present and had a meeting w/a leading AI researcher. hi future! 
\sama- some companies keep doing what worked in YC, others take their foot off the accelerator and start doing fake-startup stuff. obvious who wins 
\sama- dozens of companies finish YC with the potential to be multi-billion dollar business. biggest factor in what happens is who stays focused. 
\sama- in the interest of saving everyone some time on twitter tomorrow: "the companies are thinking too small" "the valuations are too high" 
\sama- and it will be better for good companies when seed funding heat cools off. 
\sama- I think seed prices are often disconnected from reality. I just don't think it's the fault of founders. 
\sama- to make my own views clear: I would like to see less money chasing seed startups. I think it'd be better all around. 
\sama- 7) founder to me: "every investor says they provide more value than other investors and i should give them advisor shares. what do i do?" 
\sama- 6) and generally speaking, "value investing" is not the way to win in early-stage startup investing. investing in the best companies is. 
\sama- 5) investors: if you don't like the price for a company, don't invest. don't berate the founder. 
\sama- 4) founders make their own decisions about how much value they'll actually get from investors, and whether to give a discount for it 
\sama- 3) but there's not much we can do about market pricing--there are a lot of investors willing to pay high prices. 
\sama- 2) believe it or not, we really try to tell founders not to optimize for valuation. most actually listen and don't take the higher offer. 
\sama- 1) this is the time of year when my inbox fills up with investors complaining about valuations of YC companies. 
\sama- kicking off alumni demo day! 
\sama- driving Kyle's self- driving car to YC...sort of 
\sama- great website: 
\sama- getting ready for demo day at YC! 
\sama- (in before the ageist comments. older people start great companies too, but it's awesome you can have a big impact at start of your career!) 
\sama- i think it's really awesome that small groups of people in their 20s and early 30s start the companies that change the world 
\sama- "how do you pay a product manager?" "Amex. they love taking credit." -@jaltma 
\sama- I'm doing an AMA on HN: 
\sama- 2) most people think it's dumb, companies sometimes make amazing progress with little time and money, and it's an alternative to grad school 
\sama- 1) funding biotech companies now feels a bit like funding internet companies when YC first started: 
\sama- the office of a company in the current YC batch 
\sama- at YC watching dress rehearsal for demo day. i predict people will be impressed next week. 
\sama- it is remarkable how quickly the best founders learn and get better. the change from the beginning to the end of YC is always staggering. 
\sama- tomorrow morning at 10 am PDT i'm going to do an AMA on hacker news to answer questions about applying to YC! hope to hear from you. 
\sama- .@spencerrwise @davemcclure i have no fight with dave. i think he runs a very good angel fund. 
\sama- although it feels good to build something the 3,000 ppl in the tech press like, more important what the other 3,000,000,000 net users think 
\sama- building a great company has nothing to do with your performance over a few days at an overcrowded event; you have to innovate for years 
\sama- SXSW winners: 2007: twtr 2008: twtr 2009: Foursquare 2010: Foursquare 2011: GroupMe 2012: Highlight 2013: Banjo 2014: Secret 2015: Meerkat 
\sama- for all of my friends bummed about not "winning" sxsw, here is a list i made of the winners by year: 
\sama- if you want an innovative company, you should willing to trade management chaos for less bureaucracy 
\sama- in any case, if bill gurley is very nervous about a bubble, i'd be delighted to buy a big chunk of his uber shares! :) 
\sama- and longtime startup investors can either accept lower returns or sit out (or maybe the companies will just be bigger than people think) 
\sama- also, RE high startup valuations: short of a macro meltdown, i predict they will stay high while it's difficult to earn a return elsewhere 
\sama- 3/ wonder if LPs know how common it is. 
\sama- 2/ this is a clear breach of their fiduciary duty to LPs, where they let their ego get in the way of returns. 
\sama- 1/ VCs often don't invest in a company b/c they weren't chosen to be the lead or they didn't feel like they were a founder's first choice. 
\sama- .@paulg "my program increases your value less" is certainly a non-obvious argument, especially when YC cos get high value + great investors 
\sama- .@Jason and do you also think it really matters that there are currently zero public YC companies? 
\sama- .@Jason do you really think YC companies are categorically overpriced? i.e. you wouldn't invest in the YC index at demo day? 
\sama- Gingko Bioworks (YC S2014) raises $9MM: 
\sama- I got @levelframes from the current YC batch to frame my NASA prints! 
\sama- popular debate topic among my friends: will the end of the world be synthetic biology, AI, or energy shortage/war? 
\sama- what i look for in yc partners: smart, nurturing, and optimistic 
\sama- 4) second, don't try to predict the macro, just try to get the micro right every time. bubble or bust, there are great cos and bad ones. 
\sama- 3) remember that eventually companies get valued on a multiple of earnings. if you can't see a reasonable path, maybe don't invest. 
\sama- 2) that said, clearly valuation are high relative to five years ago. two pieces of advice: 
\sama- 1) the people that say we are in a startup bubble are the ones that keep investing more money (or journalists). 
\sama- YC application deadline for summer is next friday: yesterday three ppl told me it was best decision of their lives. 
\sama- something like 80% of water in CA is used by agriculture. i'm all for us taking shorter showers, but should be realistic about the effect. 
\sama- .@pmarca "I confess that in 1901 I said to my brother Orville that man would not fly for fifty years." -Wilbur Wright 
\sama- .@pmarca we didn't know what DNA was in 1950. now we can modify it at will. nature's mysteries can unfold fast. 
\sama- how does one believe that cryptocurrency is inevitable but super AI is impossible? cc @pmarca? 
\sama- the intensity of hate towards apple for making an expensive watch and a one-port computer is crazy. they can't make you buy them. 
\sama- what a YC partner meeting looks like: 
\sama- Y Combinator funded just about as many companies in our last batch as it did in its first four years of life! 
\sama- .@davemcclure just worry about trying to make 10,000x sometimes, and let founders who work really hard for years w/small exit keep the money 
\sama- how to be successful: focus, choose a good market, believe in yourself, and learn to identify unproven talent 
\sama- Happy 10th birthday, @ycombinator! 
\sama- awful drawing of me, great one of @gralston 
\sama- Welcome Peter: 
\sama- though i always think these lists are pretty inaccurate, i'll point out that &gt; half of the cos here are YC companies: 
\sama- 2) i can spend $350, you can spend $17,000, and you still can't do anything more than me. technology is a great equalizer in that sense. 
\sama- 1) amidst all the complaining about the apple watch pricing, i actually think it's awesome there is a price range of 50x. 
\sama- i think less of a company when i see something like this. i don't think this when they buy other forms of ads. why? 
\sama- I wonder if the gold apple watch is the first-ever apple product with 90%+ margins, power cables included 
\sama- seriously, though, i think @tim_cook has done the best job of a ceo taking over from a founder in modern business history 
\sama- when i took over YC, a few people made (negative) comments in the press comparing me to tim cook. today i am emailing them to say "thanks!" 
\sama- telling that apple simply calls this the "macbook"--primary device in the lineup 
\sama- i want this new macbook more than i have wanted any product from an apple event since the original iphone 
\sama- it's always striking to hear how much time people around the world spend reading hacker news 
\sama- i move every few years but my email address never changes. why do people still make physical address the address-of-record for accounts? 
\sama- i move every few years but my email address never changes. why do people still make physical address the address-of-record for accounts? 
\sama- i think low salaries for founders/early employees are great. just think VCs should agree to same salary cap they ask companies to take. 
\sama- VCs: "it's just crazy these engineers want to make $150k a year. terribly short-sighted. never mind about my $5 million guaranteed salary." 
\sama- "he has called 11 out of the last 2 crashes" 
\sama- the currency of twitter is short-lived outrage 
\sama- 
\sama- "i'm one of their early investors. i'll tell them you said this." "could i visit their office? that would make my year." 
\sama- stranger sitting next to me "man you gotta check out this thing called @Pebble. they made a new watch and it's gonna beat the apple one." 
\sama- speaking at 6 colleges this week about YC. always energizing. 
\sama- Technology predictions: 
\sama- 2) It would mean that the atom would have to be shattered at will." -Einstein 
\sama- 1) "There is not the slightest indication that [nuclear energy] will ever be obtainable.... 
\sama- "all regulation of technology is bad" "regulation of open internet access is absolutely critical" 
\sama- arguing about AI is the new arguing about religion 
\sama- Machine intelligence, part 2: 
\sama- especially the last line: "Worry about fear of risk. We know where that leads: once again straight into the ditch." 
\sama- great read: 
\sama- (in frequency, not price) 
\sama- anecdotally, it seems talent acquisitions are down at least 2-3x from a year ago 
\sama- the greatest luxury for me at this point is a day with absolutely nothing scheduled. today has been pretty amazing. 
\sama- lightning in san francisco whaaaaaat 
\sama- it's easy/fun to say every new startup you hear about is bad. you will usually be right. you will never be successful. 
\sama- one of the most important traits of really good startup investors: optimism (balanced with a healthy dose of skepticism, of course) 
\sama- 20n in the current YC batch: 
\sama- after the surprisingly strong reaction to my AI post on HN, i'm glad i left the actually controversial part out! 
\sama- .@mkapor i believe the threats around job destruction, income inequality, and concentration of power are guaranteed: 
\sama- more YC energy investing! 
\sama- .@allworldcaucasn if that doubles every year, it will take 29 years to be &gt;86 billion 
\sama- "there is something magic about the circuits in my brain; no machine will ever be able to emulate them" 
\sama- Machine intelligence, part 1: 
\sama- if i ever teach a startup course again, i am going to do one whole class on how to be concise and clear 
\sama- Congrats to @Pebble on selling more than $7MM of the pebble time in less than 12 hours! 
\sama- US policy: bring smart people to our universities, teach them desperately needed engineering skills, and then kick them out 
\sama- consensus view of 10 friends on the year the last taxi drives on the streets of SF: 2018 
\sama- wow, the pebble time looks awesome 
\sama- the end of the road for silicon: 
\sama- this is IMO the key graph to watch for bitcoin adoption: (and yeah, sidechains aren't fully counted etc etc) 
\sama- .@brian_armstrong but because there is so little actual bitcoin usage still, i think it's still possible for something better to emerge. 
\sama- .@brian_armstrong if you're right, it won't require statements like this. when the network effect is really strong, everyone will focus. 
\sama- has anyone else noticed that the autocomplete for addresses in gmail has gotten horrendously bad recently? 
\sama- 3) we also reset equity every batch. these things together should mean that YC is going to be around for a very, very long time :) 
\sama- 2) so we don't face the usual problem of not enough economic incentive to keep great people around 
\sama- 1) interesting feature of Y Combinator: though most companies slow down in valuation growth as they get older, YC speeds up 
\sama- Sunday night reading 
\sama- Watch Jessica Livingston speaking on the #femalefounders livestream right now: 
\sama- for my whole life I have thought sudo meant "superuser do" but it is actually "substitute user do"! 
\sama- the single worst thing about the internet is absolute destruction of attention spans 
\sama- The finance sector and growth: 
\sama- Startup advice, briefly: 
\sama- new example YC application videos (Campus Job, Zenefits, Teespring, AeroFS): 
\sama- most interesting thing about this chart of the most valuable private tech cos: the top 2 are worth &gt; the bottom 50. 
\sama- 9) and that usually comes right at the wrong time--ie, right when you're running out of money 
\sama- 8) while it's true that if everything is going amazing well a high burn rate won't hurt much, most startups go through a trough of sorrow 
\sama- 7) anyway, founders would do well to remember that having an almost comically low burn in the early days work more often than the opposite 
\sama- 6) founders seem to think "well we need money and the press loves us, so we'll be able to raise more for sure" 
\sama- 5) this meets cold reality when companies try to raise money again w/little traction and a $150k a month burn rate--often means death 
\sama- 4) and seed money is so easy to raise in the current environment that founders assume they can just raise more money whenever they want 
\sama- 3) but every small increase in burn ramps up the company's willingness to spend in subtle ways 
\sama- 2) it ends up being especially bad for startups where either the founders need big salaries or are non-technical and need to hire right away 
\sama- 1) "keep your burn rate very low" is one of those unteachable lessons for early-stage startups 
\sama- .@dmac1 what does this list look like if you only count entry valuations below $50mm? 
\sama- whoa--all the big mistakes i made (good and bad) when i was angel investing were when i got swayed by the opinion of another investor. 
\sama- .@tqbf (and, bucking the trend, i will include a suggestion of what to do about it instead of just worrying!) 
\sama- .@tqbf i guess i sort of just assumed everyone believes the threat is real at this point. i'll try to write up an overview soon 
\sama- i am generally not a fan of giving secrets to competitors, but in this case, it would help the world so much i'm happy to share. 
\sama- nearly everyone that tries to copy YC includes either a coworking or shared living space. not doing this is part of what makes YC work. 
\sama- it's satisfying when the smartest people you know email about a post saying "that was great" and the non-smart ones say "that was terrible" 
\sama- The Software Revolution: 
\sama- stressful thing about early-stage investing is that making a bad investment can't hurt your career much, but passing on one great one can. 
\sama- tempted to write a YC RFS for a successor to Twitter. even with the network effect, this doesn't feel like the last company in the space. 
\sama- what tech companies worth $5B+ have started in new york other than bloomberg? 
\sama- congrats to @MachineZone on hitting the #1 top grossing game in the App Store! 
\sama- i think @moskov and @CariTuna are doing some of the most interesting/important work in silicon valley with good ventures 
\sama- Open-source sales agreement: 
\sama- one of the most critical things for startups to do, from @gralston: 
\sama- China: 
\sama- at least once when thinking about an investment opportunity, ignore why it might fail and think about how big it could be if worked. 
\sama- PSA: if you have a very high fever, watch a scary movie, and then take a nap, you will have some really disturbing fever dreams. 
\sama- FarmLogs: 
\sama- $500k of Azure credit for YC startups: 
\sama- the value of service credits/free products offered to YC companies is now over $1,000,000! 
\sama- YC for Hardware: 
\sama- thanks to @pulakm for this awesome new site: 
\sama- congrats to @andrewmason on the launch of @Detour! check it out here: 
\sama- "Every tragedy ever can be reduced to two words: 'potential, lost.'" 
\sama- i've ridden in uber and i own some uber shares through a fund--by this logic, we should count uber as a YC company!: 
\sama- coming out of my twitter blackout for one tweet only to say CONGRATS @levie and @BoxHQ! 
\sama- Demo Days: 
\sama- YC Demographics (via @mwseibel) 
\sama- Policy for Growth and Innovation: 
\sama- the entire lifecycle of outrage on the internet seems to shorten every year. this is bad in so many ways. 
\sama- asked for my number 1 productivity hack for 2015: "severely limit tv show and Internet time" 
\sama- the days are long but the years are short 
\sama- it tilts me when mediocre VCs brag about how they will never meet a founder without an intro. 
\sama- "i really love that and use it all the time" is the best thing to hear when doing diligence on a new startup 
\sama- average personal saving rate in: US: 4% worldwide: 20% China: 51% 
\sama- last immigration tweet for awhile: most Americans saying no immigration are here because their families immigrated in the last 200 years 
\sama- progression of operations at most startups: lots of people -&gt; shitty tools -&gt; good tools 
\sama- (have not had instant ramen since) 
\sama- when i was starting my startup i lived on instant ramen and coffee ice cream. today had coffee ice cream for first time in 8 yrs, wretched. 
\sama- also, when people say "we need to train more coders domestically": while that's true, anyone who wants can teach themselves to code online 
\sama- 3/ would people support it? 
\sama- 2/ if a visa required the wage to be at or above 85th percentile for a field and a matching donation to STEM education for US citizens... 
\sama- 1/ seems the most common objections to engineering visa are 1) wage pressure and 2) a feeling we should be training US citizens instead 
\sama- my fav example of emergent behavior: changing the number of protons in a nucleus leads to such wildly different properties of the elements 
\sama- finally catching up on sony news. it's gross how much glee people take in reading someone's private emails :( 
\sama- if founders are selling their own stock less than 1 year into the company, you can nearly always safely pass on investing. 
\sama- most people agree that a job should go to best candidate w/o regard to gender, age, race, etc. why is country of birth the one exception? 
\sama- 2/ country because they can't get a visa here. lost GDP and jobs for us, but hey, at least we're protecting...something! 
\sama- 1/ as a proud citizen of the US, the most painful example of our immigration policy is when i see founders go start a company in some other 
\sama- i always get an icky feeling from people that sell their connections/relationships. IE 'consultants' that charge per intro/meeting set up. 
\sama- 2/ the GDP increase will lift wages for everyone else too. if we don't, the GDP goes somewhere else, and wages for everyone go down. 
\sama- 1/ what will actually happen if we let in skilled programmers: 1) wages for programmers to continue to go up, and 
\sama- "tech workers make too much money and it's hurting the country." "if we let in the immigrants, tech workers wages' will go down!" 
\sama- some of the HN comments on @paulg's latest essay read like editorials in british papers the year the US overtook the UK 
\sama- very happy to be an investor in @farmlogs' new round. one of the most important startups i've met. 
\sama- always fun to travel around the world and meet founders. and I love New Zealand :) 
\sama- the best punishment for someone who copies your company is to make them run the clone. they're nearly always just looking for a quick flip. 
\sama- a barrel of oil is now about half the price it was in June! 
\sama- interesting read: 
\sama- the hardest thing to do in business is to build an organization that innovates again and again and again. few examples in the last 100 years 
\sama- i don't think i've ever once heard a founder be really happy he or she raised a party round. end up with little help and lots of annoyance. 
\sama- (nominal dollars) 
\sama- total VC ever raised by: Microsoft: $1MM Apple: $3.6MM Intel: $2.5MM Cisco: $2.5MM Google: $25MM Webvan: $441MM Facebook: $2,426MM 
\sama- einstein to curie: ignore the haters 
\sama- "we need to up our coolness factor with the kids. i know, let's promote our twitter account. that will impute coolness for sure." 
\sama- today a reporter asked what i thought about YC competitors doing reality TV shows and i said "haha stop trolling me" but it wasn't a joke! 
\sama- Transcriptic for YC biotech startups: 
\sama- great compliment on the startup class: "every YC partner and alumni that spoke was incredible. it really made me want to be part of YC." 
\sama- .@shamir_k no. rich people aren't good at living cheaply. poor people have an advantage. most successful founders I know start poor. 
\sama- 3/ if you're dependent on investors, in the best case you have to waste a lot of time. in the worse case, you're subject to their randomness 
\sama- 2/ many startups take awhile to get going; if you don't have low expenses, you're usually dependent on outside capital 
\sama- 1/ founders that are willing/able to live extremely cheaply are at such a huge advantage when it comes to starting startups. 
\sama- marc, i always assumed p was your first initial (as in @pmarca) but apparently it's not. what's it mean? 
\sama- Later-stage startup advice: 
\sama- done with the startup class! thank you very much to all the speakers for giving their valuable time to teach the world about startups. 
\sama- if you ever get the chance to hear @bchesky tell how @mwseibel helped airbnb get funded, don't miss it. one of the great valley stories. 
\sama- there are 10 biotech companies in this winter's YC batch! 
\sama- Welcome Michael, Jon, and Ilya: 
\sama- i love when i hear other accelerators are upset because they feel we're giving away too much of their value with the startup class :) 
\sama- "26 year olds with good ideas will increasingly have an edge over 50 year olds with powerful connections." 
\sama- today's HTSAS lecture was very densely packed with insights: 
\sama- today @bosmeny, @mwseibel, @daltonc, and @Qasar are speaking at HTSAS on sales, marketing, and fundraising 
\sama- Stripe raises $70MM: 
\sama- 4/ although, in fairness to investors that do this, most of the money that's been made recently has been from "investing in the graph" 
\sama- 3/ while i'm happy with the competitive advantage this provides for YC, i don't think it's good for the world. 
\sama- 2/ most investors seem to only want to fund startups that will be fine even if they don't invest. 
\sama- 1/ i get the most enjoyment from funding startups that won't exist if we don't fund them. 
\sama- (obviously this was a joke. i just think it's astonishing that the price of the world's most important commodity can fluctuate this much.) 
\sama- does anyone else get excited for an upcoming announcement about net-positive fusion when energy prices drop this much this quickly? 
\sama- 3/ actually, i'm going to ask some now-successful founders if it's ok if i upload theirs. i think it will be interesting/instructive. 
\sama- 2/ the list of cons is always very long; and the reasons not to invest are always good. investors have to be willing to suspend disbelief. 
\sama- 1) i keep a list of pros vs cons at the time of investment stapled to the stock certificate for most companies i've invested in. 
\sama- the few startup investors i know that are fundamentally pessimists always manage to prove themselves right 
\sama- oddest thing about twitter's reaction to @paulg's essay is everyone who has met him thinks he's one of the nicest people they've ever met. 
\mwseibel- But regardless of this question, great founders tend to be good at both. 
\mwseibel- I wonder which of these models is better (both for the founder and for the investor). The relationship model or th… 
\mwseibel- It feels like once you are a growth stage company that is far enough along, often fundraising reverts back to this… 
\mwseibel- This is a double edged sword though because when it becomes time to raise a Series A, the game is just like it was… 
\mwseibel- Now I encounter many founders at YC who are like I was back then. What has changed is the process of raising $1-2m… 
\mwseibel- I wanted it to work like school. Submit the right answers and get an A. You don’t need to have a real relationshi… 
\mwseibel- Interestingly I was told this many times when I was younger. I wasn’t missing knowledge, I just didn’t the world to work that way. 
\mwseibel- With more experience I’ve come to understand that this isn’t the way things work and especially at the series A and… 
\mwseibel- Provide the correct inputs, get cash as an output. I felt so overwhelmed with just my teammates and users that I d… 
\mwseibel- As a founder it was hard for me to understand and acknowledge the humanity of an investor. I always wanted to trea… 
\mwseibel- Shoutout to @janellehmtam for all the hard work putting this together and @harris for starting the series A program 2 years ago! 
\mwseibel- If you are looking to raise a series A in the next 6-12 months - YC has now made public our Series A fundraising gu… 
\mwseibel- Has anyone written an amazing guide to tech startup business models? (I know - YC should already have one...) 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator is hiring a head of BD to help our growth stage companies build relationships with large customers / p… 
\mwseibel- Important point: 
\mwseibel- I’m not confident the government will be able to effectively/intelligently regulate big tech. What obligations/norm… 
\mwseibel- (Clearly energy and defense companies are expected to take on additional obligations during wartime for example) 
\mwseibel- Finally at what level of scale/power does a private company have to take on some of the same obligations that we ex… 
\mwseibel- Also why are free speech rights the third rail in our tech community? In basic civics classes we are taught that y… 
\mwseibel- What do you do in the edge cases when the challenges of coordinating/securing a large population conflict with free… 
\mwseibel- Interesting Lecture from @alexstamos that I wanted to push higher in the thread: 
\mwseibel- So in a world where a small number of large companies are basically controlling a large portion of the information… 
\mwseibel- Many have said that we can’t trust these platforms to police the information we see. What a strange point because… 
\mwseibel- Being addicted to social media (or TV) is either a small or large problem. It all depends on what content we are c… 
\mwseibel- An important improvement to what I’m trying to say that was tweeted by @markstraub: 
\mwseibel- Btw - I don’t mean to imply that these algorithms / platforms aren’t giving us what we ask for. But, when your pro… 
\mwseibel- Software engineers inside of these companies have more power than they think. They can be a spark of change from t… 
\mwseibel- Algorithms that optimize for engagement are at the heart of Google, Twitter, Youtube, IG, etc. I think these algor… 
\mwseibel- If your platform is how the public consumes information than you have some responsibility for the information we consume. 
\mwseibel- I wonder if the major platforms would consider reducing their revenue/engagement by 25% if it resulted in a more in… 
\mwseibel- Tech folks love to blame journalists but we don’t spend enough time asking who controls their incentives. 
\mwseibel- What if Facebook/Twitter/Google saw it as their responsibility to keep the public informed or at least to limit the… 
\mwseibel- Check them out here on product hunt today: 
\mwseibel- Multiple massive billion dollar companies have thousands of engineers whose basic goal is to get me to spend time o… 
\mwseibel- I’ve been using @useMotion for the past month. Probably saves me an hour a day on my computer by keeping me on task… 
\mwseibel- More interesting content from Hackers and Painters (@paulg 2004): 
\mwseibel- Rereading Hackers and Painters by @paulg and remembering a time when web applications were novel and not obvious.… 
\mwseibel- They worked with @moen to make this new version and you can order one on Kickstarter - shipping starts this spring:… 
\mwseibel- I tried the @nebia shower prototype at home (left) when they were in YC in 2015. Awesome shower then, even if proto… 
\mwseibel- The YC admissions team is hiring a data scientist. Apply here: 
\mwseibel- I bet it takes 100+ years (or a lot of luck) to craft a deep, clear, meaningful, and understandable message in 240… 
\mwseibel- I always found this saying to be true: 
\mwseibel- Using tweets to share your thoughts sometimes feels like using a candle to cook a turkey. I often find myself star… 
\mwseibel- Starting a live Startup School AMA in a couple mins. Click the link to join :) 
\mwseibel- What pains me is that at any given time I’m probably failing at this goal with one or more people. I apologize if… 
\mwseibel- There is an important person in my life who doesn’t treat me the way I would like to be treated. This hurts. Ever… 
\mwseibel- This is something that all startup founders should pay attention to. Airbnb is exploring a new model of what it me… 
\mwseibel- Great quote from @paultoo: "A ... problem that I see a lot is premature scaling—founders take a small business that… 
\mwseibel- YC Bio Tour – 2020 
\mwseibel- It’s really nice to know who you are talking to. 
\mwseibel- Anon accounts are an interesting phenomenon on Twitter. Some are great but I do wonder how much better my Twitter… 
\mwseibel- Every once in a while I think to myself: it would be so great to create an anonymous Twitter account and rage reply… 
\mwseibel- This is a great job opportunity at YC. Join our admissions team as our first admissions data scientist. 
\mwseibel- ... versus a situation that's not working and additional effort is a destructive waste of time and radical change i… 
\mwseibel- Rereading blog pmarca by @pmarca. “entrepreneurial judgment is the ability to tell the difference between a situat… 
\mwseibel- Does SF have problems that need to be solved? Of course!!! Is it the festering hellhole that some on twitter make it out to be... nope. 
\mwseibel- For a city, 10-20 years is a relatively shorter period of time. SF was founded almost 250 years ago and incorporated 170 years ago. 
\mwseibel- I think the root cause of this issue is that for a human 10-20 years is a very long period of time. 16-33% of adul… 
\mwseibel- People said the same thing about NYC in the 70s and 80s and clearly NYC has not failed. 
\mwseibel- San Francisco is not falling or failing. All that is happening is that the city is adjusting to change and cities… 
\mwseibel- Had a great 1.5 hr phone conversation with a YC alum that started with a simple 2 min WhatsApp chat. Great general… 
\mwseibel- If I complain about other people needlessly complaining - am I being productive? (The question I ask myself before… 
\mwseibel- Totally agree. Love to see Twitter iterating the core product! 
\mwseibel- Amazing first dinner at YC. Thank you @bchesky, @jgebbia, and @nathanblec 
\mwseibel- Everything's coming together for the first week of YC W2020. I'm very excited! 
\mwseibel- One thing I love about the holidays is that it affords me the time to think more strategically about work and life.… 
\mwseibel- How To Build Product As A Small Startup 
\mwseibel- I'm constantly trying to figure out the best way to close the gap between what I am doing and what I should be doin… 
\mwseibel- Reminiscing on music from when I was a kid. I didn’t remember how many great songs Stevie Wonder has made over the… 
\mwseibel- Great essay :) 
\mwseibel- Excited :) 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator will now run its online Startup School multiple times per year via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Great read :) 
\mwseibel- Great thread from @daltonc 
\mwseibel- I like @Suhail ‘s test: - If this showed up on Techcrunch would I be embarrassed? - Is what I am doing going to… 
\mwseibel- Help us improve the software that runs YC Startup School - 
\mwseibel- YC Startup School helped over 40,000 founders in 2019. Help us make the program even better in 2020. We are hirin… 
\mwseibel- Btw - this doesn't just apply to investors. Lying to employees will produce the same results. 
\mwseibel- Also when you are caught lying, assume that everyone who you lied to will bring this up whenever they are asked about you... forever. 
\mwseibel- Make sure that no matter the fate of your startup, your reputation as a honest founder does not get tarnished. Tha… 
\mwseibel- Many startup founders consider lying as a way to get ahead. The vast majority quickly realize that whatever short… 
\mwseibel- Almost all startup founders should stop using the term AI (reading late applications to YC) 
\mwseibel- Why Fundraising Is Different In Silicon Valley - Michael Seibel via @YouTube 
\mwseibel- Videos you'd like to see come from YC? 
\mwseibel- How not to be an idiot CEO - a funny story from back in the day: 
\mwseibel- “Returning hate for hate multiplies hate, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. Darkness canno… 
\mwseibel- When you read an attack tweet from someone you respect that frustrates you endlessly but it’s not worth tweeting ab… 
\mwseibel- What Makes The Top 10% Of Founders Different? 
\mwseibel- Also a huge fan - check them out: 
\mwseibel- This is a great way for non-technical folks to break into the tech startup world. 
\mwseibel- Use my code MS1000 to get $1000 in free credits 
\mwseibel- Ammon is a boss 
\mwseibel- I'm reading a draft of the YC guide to Raising a Series A created by @harris and @janellehmtam. It's 71 pages long! 
\mwseibel- Congrats to ZeroDown. They just launched a search engine for finding the house of your dreams. Check it out here: 
\mwseibel- Early stage founders and those considering starting a company should watch this video from @daltonc 
\mwseibel- Btw - I'm "addicted" to many useful products and services. 
\mwseibel- If you are actively monetizing a human addiction you really have to think hard about whether you are making the wor… 
\mwseibel- Really excited for this launch! 
\mwseibel- There is a new term I am hearing more and more in the startup tech world that I'm not really familiar with: "techni… 
\mwseibel- There is a new term I am hearing more and more in the startup tech world that I'm not really familiar with: "techni… 
\mwseibel- The new 2019 Y Combinator Top Companies List. Congrats to all the great companies who made the list this year. Al… 
\mwseibel- Have a finance/modelling background and interested in working for YC? We are hiring: 
\mwseibel- YC will be at Grace Hopper this week. If you are going to the conference and want to talk startups come say hi! 
\mwseibel- Please remember that even though the YC application deadline has passed you can always apply late for the next YC b… 
\mwseibel- YC at working reading applications! 
\mwseibel- Every YC founder should read this. 
\mwseibel- Check this out today if you'd like to chat. 
\mwseibel- PS: I’m also giving this advice to myself because I think it’s one of my biggest weaknesses when trying to help our founders. 
\mwseibel- If you find yourself giving advice to an early stage startup - please remember that all the best tactical advice wo… 
\mwseibel- To sum up - one of the underrated qualities of successful founders is their ability to manage their emotions and fe… 
\mwseibel- And finally convincing yourself that you cannot make something large and positively impactful in the world. Many t… 
\mwseibel- You are personally responsible for developing methods to destress (coaches / therapists / cofounders / friends /a s… 
\mwseibel- Another error is not acknowledging upfront how rare success is and how hard it will be to accomplish. Please expec… 
\mwseibel- Another error is giving into imposter syndrome. Not realizing that pre-product market fit everyone is struggling t… 
\mwseibel- In startups even the smart and motivated fail very often. There is a lot of timing, luck, speed, and original thin… 
\mwseibel- One of the biggest errors they make is over relying on the opinions/actions of their peer group. In most jobs if y… 
\mwseibel- I now spend the most time trying to explain to founders how startups defeat themselves. 
\mwseibel- I’ve learned a lot about giving advice over the past 5 years at YC (still more to learn). When I started I had a v… 
\mwseibel- We had a great time with @jopwell and a number of great founders last night! Looking forward to more Jopwell event… 
\mwseibel- If you want to know what it's like at startup, join YC's internship program to find a YC startup for the summer: 
\mwseibel- Congrats @middeskhq 
\mwseibel- In NYC for the day talking to founders and future founders. @Jopwell thank you for hosting! 
\mwseibel- You can check out more information here: 
\mwseibel- Right now tens of thousands of founders (and future founders) around the world are participating in this program for free. 
\mwseibel- Most of these stops are part of the @startupschool tour which actually started during the batch. 
\mwseibel- Also I’m planning a trip to Egypt and Lagos next year because we now have a sizable number of YC alumni from both countries. Excited! 
\mwseibel- Needless to say - there are great founders all over the world and we want to fund them. 
\mwseibel- Over the next 2-3 months YC partners will be visiting Mexico City, Bogota, São Paulo, Toronto/Waterloo, Buenos Aire… 
\mwseibel- S2019 was an amazing batch. Now that it’s fall YC starts traveling... 
\mwseibel- We are also headed to NYC :) 
\mwseibel- YC coming to Brazil :) 
\mwseibel- Now that it is admissions season at YC lots of founders have questions about our process. The vast majority of que… 
\mwseibel- Demo day in 70 seconds - crazy! 
\mwseibel- Two full 9 hr days of office hours this week were super fun. Great way to relax and catch up with YC alums / curre… 
\mwseibel- Tons of work still to do but got a baby at home so work will have to wait a few hours :). The strange perk of havi… 
\mwseibel- Congrats on the fundraise! 
\mwseibel- Be careful not to become what you hate in others. 
\mwseibel- The hidden power of YC group office hours. 
\mwseibel- Love it! Let’s get Mitch out of the Senate for good. 
\mwseibel- Evidence that cold email works! 
\mwseibel- It's so much fun when I see a company in YC that originally reached out to me in a cold email. It happens much mor… 
\mwseibel- 50% of my email replies tell people to check out the startup school library: If you are a… 
\mwseibel- If possible I'd recommend trying to recruit a technical cofounder. You can advice on this and many other topics he… 
\mwseibel- One of the most common has been the challenges of being a non-technical founder working with a dev shop. More ofte… 
\mwseibel- Btw - As I get through my 1000 founder email backlog (577 to go) I'm sharing notes and observations from the founde… 
\mwseibel- The chances of becoming a very successful founder are worse than 1000 to 1. As a founder don't be intimidated by Y… 
\mwseibel- Just to share some stats. Since 2015 YC has funded ~416 female founders, ~151 black founders, and ~201 Latinx foun… 
\mwseibel- My goal at YC is to make sure all founders around the world, no matter what their background, have a fair path to a… 
\mwseibel- Wouldn’t be a shame if I had been discouraged from participating by people trying to look out for my best interests… 
\mwseibel- As an underrepresented founder myself I will say - Y Combinator gave me advantages that no other startup organizati… 
\mwseibel- In the effort to make the startup world more inclusive, I hope people don’t scare potential underrepresented founde… 
\mwseibel- By no means do I think YC is perfect but I don’t think there is a institution in the startup world that is more hel… 
\mwseibel- I’m happy to try to address your concerns and intro you to founders who have participated in YC recently. 
\mwseibel- If you are an underrepresented founder who is concerned about whether you will feel welcomed at YC please reach out… 
\mwseibel- One of the most common conversations I have with them afterwards is how YC isn’t what they expected (btw: they also… 
\mwseibel- Often times they were told that YC would not be welcoming to them by well meaning people who never participated in… 
\mwseibel- One thing I didn’t understand until after working at YC was how hard I had to fight to change underrepresented foun… 
\mwseibel- 1) Not saying what you are working on. 2) Not writing a concise email. 3) Asking for a meeting up front. Here… 
\mwseibel- Now that demo day is wrapping up I'm getting through a backlog of about 1000 emails from non-yc founders who have r… 
\mwseibel- Lots of changes for this demo day: 1 stage instead of 2, hot lunch for founders and investors, hardware demos on bo… 
\mwseibel- Thank you to all the investors attending today. We appreciate your support. 
\mwseibel- YC S2019 Demo Day 1 is set to begin in a few hours. Good luck to all the companies presenting. 
\mwseibel- YC S2019 Alumni demo day complete! 
\mwseibel- YC S2019 Alumni Demo Day is here. Time to put your game face on! 
\mwseibel- Demo day approaches... Dom has got it locked down :) @domoniquefines 
\mwseibel- Congrats!!! @ObiKobo @kobo_360 
\mwseibel- Please support a more diverse industry by donating/following DnI orgs, such as: @Code2040, @GirlsWhoCode,… 
\mwseibel- Love this song by @iamlarryjames! 
\mwseibel- Great post by YC partner Jared Friedman @snowmaker 
\mwseibel- How Biotech Startup Funding Will Change in the Next 10 Years 
\mwseibel- (Btw - by peers I was referring to other early stage founders) 
\mwseibel- Also through office hours we take time (if asked) to break down advice from first principles and dig into whether o… 
\mwseibel- One thing we try to do at YC is build a community where founders can be more open with each other about their actua… 
\mwseibel- ... Even more tricky, in the early stage startup world most founders are not publicly truthful about how much/littl… 
\mwseibel- ... however in startups this strategy should be used in moderation. Startups are much more like the NBA. Almost n… 
\mwseibel- One thing I see amongst young founders is that they often defer to the consensus opinion of their peers. In much o… 
\mwseibel- Truth 
\mwseibel- Impressive! If you are looking to hire sales people you should reach out to Shaan. 
\mwseibel- YC Startup School continues to grow and improve! 
\mwseibel- We are hiring an admissions office at YC - learn more about the role and apply here: 
\mwseibel- So be honest with yourself and hold yourself accountable. 
\mwseibel- Often times you know that you are doing these things and just come to think it’s okay because no one calls you out… 
\mwseibel- Do your employees feel like they can connect with you personally? 
\mwseibel- Being a bad example inside of your company can be a subtle thing. Do you take credit or give it? Do you participa… 
\mwseibel- One painful mistake I have seen time and time again are CEOs who are not good examples to their employees. Especia… 
\mwseibel- They will almost never straight say it’s because of you to your face... 
\mwseibel- This is dangerous because often times you think you are doing well when you are actually doing poorly. One strong… 
\mwseibel- It is very hard for a CEO to be a great leader inside of their company. One reason why is that very few people ins… 
\mwseibel- Caution to founders: don’t hero worship startup investors. They are just normal people with gifts, faults, and per… 
\mwseibel- All done for now :) 
\mwseibel- Answering questions on Quora right now - feel free to throw more my way: 
\mwseibel- YC founders tell us that individual angel investors (who are often writing small checks) have a disproportionately… 
\mwseibel- 5 of the 23 companies on the Forbes Next Billion-Dollar Startups 2019 list are YC alumni (Faire, Front, Lattice, Pr… 
\mwseibel- YC is coming to your city this summer/fall with Startup School. 
\mwseibel- Btw (twitter disclaimer) this isn’t a knock on tech journalist who focus other topics. 
\mwseibel- By advocates I mean they spend most of their time writing about tech products that they think their audience would be interested in using. 
\mwseibel- Who are the top 5 tech journalists today who are the largest advocates for tech startups specifically (vs the tech… 
\mwseibel- Btw - this is not permission to do things that are unethical or illegal! 
\mwseibel- A lesson I learned from @tripadler many years ago. You never ask legal whether you can do something at your startu… 
\mwseibel- A lesson I learned from @tripadler many years ago. You never ask legal whether you can do something at your startu… 
\mwseibel- Take a look... 
\mwseibel- After some success it is hard to recreate the fear that I felt in my early startup career. I need to find new sour… 
\mwseibel- There is something about facing utter destruction that allows me to reach the highest gear, care the most, and be t… 
\mwseibel- Your product development cycle should have enough structure so that you/your team can look back and understand what… 
\mwseibel- But I advise YC founders to decide on a product decision making process and then iterate it during the early days of their startup. 
\mwseibel- Many first time founders in their early stages dislike any type of codified process/reporting/meetings etc. 
\mwseibel- One thing I think many early stage companies need to work on is what their internal process of decision making will… 
\mwseibel- One of my partners at YC Dalton Caldwell @daltonc pointed out last week that the speed of action is one of the most… 
\mwseibel- I’ve previously written about the product development cycle and I’m starting to think about how these concepts rela… 
\mwseibel- His work has been applied by many to various aspects of the business world. 
\mwseibel- Boyd believes that military leaders can use this loop to compress decision making time and gain an advantage over their enemy. 
\mwseibel- One commonly known fact about Boyd was that he invented the OODA loop (Observe, Orient, Decide, and Act). If you w… 
\mwseibel- Read this book about John Boyd and I recommend it to anyone who is interested in military strategy or the military… 
\mwseibel- I think the same lesson can apply to business. When you are getting exactly what you want... sometimes it’s best t… 
\mwseibel- As a below average chess player I always have to stop myself when I think my opposition has made a mistake and ther… 
\mwseibel- Maybe we should create a financial system that rewards them for investing in R&amp;D, their employees, their communitie… 
\mwseibel- These are some of the most impactful people in the world with some of the largest platforms that have ever been cre… 
\mwseibel- Holding a group to a higher standard is a sign of respect not an insult. I’m ridiculously impressed by what the to… 
\mwseibel- Btw - in my experience wealthy people convert money into happiness extremely inefficiently. It’s actually embarras… 
\mwseibel- Imagine being a shareholder of a company because you were proud of the positive force they had on society. You’d p… 
\mwseibel- CEOs use their shareholders as an excuse to compete in a meaningless game. Their legacies are sacrificed in the na… 
\mwseibel- To build a big company, get rich, and use the company’s reach and power to make the world a better place. 
\mwseibel- We need to change to model from build a big company, get rich, and then starting a foundation... 
\mwseibel- They already have all the money/things they could ever want... if they measured themselves by how much they made t… 
\mwseibel- I’m waiting for the day that the top 25 tech CEOs start competing for impact. 
\mwseibel- Successful tech founders would have far better lives and legacies if they competed for happiness and impact instead… 
\mwseibel- Prevalent in the valley is the competition for rev/valuation/users as a proxy for impact/making the world a better place. 
\mwseibel- I’ve noticed that many people compete in games they don’t understand because they are modeling the behavior of peop… 
\mwseibel- But you shouldn't assume you know your LTV, you shouldn't assume your CAC will stay constant, you shouldn't assume… 
\mwseibel- Something @daltonc pointed out to me over slack. My tweet doesn't mean if you have a live service with cohort data… 
\mwseibel- Early stage founders should ask themselves: Can you narrowly identify the customer who has the problem you are sol… 
\mwseibel- Many people are telling me to direct this feedback to early stage investors as well.... so consider this a note to them as well. 
\mwseibel- Further proof - the number of pre-product market fit founders who ask me when is the right time to start Blitzscaling. 
\mwseibel- I really hate when early stage startups talk about CAC / LTV. In the early stage it's almost impossible to know ei… 
\mwseibel- It's hard to deal with the fear and emotional load that comes with being honest and receiving honesty in return. B… 
\mwseibel- When resolving a conflict with a coworker you admire and love to work with, honestly communicating your feelings/fe… 
\mwseibel- To all startup founders out their: your startup might just be the most forceful thing you ever create. Make sure it is a force for good. 
\mwseibel- They encouraged everyone in the room to think about this now when their company is small and easy to change. 
\mwseibel- The parting message that @bchesky and @jgebbia left to our founders last night was that they wished they put more t… 
\mwseibel- There are YC companies now targeting fair access to education, affordable housing, criminal justice reform, access… 
\mwseibel- Many new YC founders over the past couple of years have started to create companies not just to become wealthy but… 
\mwseibel- Successful 21st century founders are realizing that their **company** will be the project that has the most impact… 
\mwseibel- But there is a new view that is starting to take hold. One where employees, customers, and society are seen as com… 
\mwseibel- For many years CEOs have been solely accountable to their shareholders/investors. This has caused them to let thei… 
\mwseibel- There has been an iteration in YC’s culture over the past few years driven primary by our founders both new and old… 
\mwseibel- Are you a software engineer interested in joining a YC startup? YC is hosting our annual Work at a Startup Career… 
\mwseibel- Wondering if Trump is saber rattling over trade now to drive markets flat/down so he can ease up on the talk next y… 
\mwseibel- Investor Funnels for Series As 
\mwseibel- We are hosting our Work at a Startup Career Expo on June 29th in Mountain View, CA. Come meet founders of over 40 Y… 
\mwseibel- 'San Francisco is rotting' story is wrong: City is brimming with soul 
\mwseibel- We funded a bunch of companies from India this and many of them are having problems getting visas. Any ideas? 
\mwseibel- Super excited to announce the newest YC RFS. 
\mwseibel- Request for Startups: Government 2.0 
\mwseibel- What they don’t understand is that these big companies have a lot of techniques that make it difficult to leave once you join. 
\mwseibel- Many potential founders believe they need to get experience at FANG companies before starting their startup. 
\mwseibel- New video on how working at big tech companies can be a trap for future startup founders. 
\mwseibel- Whenever going up against an overpowered opponent (like the status quo of the US Government), I prefer to consider asymmetric tactics. 
\mwseibel- I wonder how many other hacks to our current system exist that don’t require getting congress and the president to… 
\mwseibel- It would be much better able to bring more electable candidates to the general election. 
\mwseibel- But primaries are regulated by political parties not the government. Which ever party figured out how to reform it… 
\mwseibel- It’s seems like primaries basically destroy the basic incentives for politicians to best serve their communities bu… 
\mwseibel- Do the leaders of cities and states have any direct incentive to maintain or grow their populations? Strangely in… 
\mwseibel- Not enough talk about how motivational leaders can 10x the output of their entire organization. 
\mwseibel- Many people talk about 10x or 100x engineers. 
\mwseibel- I actually wonder how much a startup’s disruption of a big companies is simply powdered by the startup employees being more motivated. 
\mwseibel- I think I’ve subconsciously known this since my first days as a startup CEO. But not until a conversation with… 
\mwseibel- That might work for a short while... but not long term. Long term, organizations need leaders who can lead by exam… 
\mwseibel- I wonder if they believe that motivation should just come from the employees themselves. 
\mwseibel- It surprises me how many leaders don’t want to engage in the practice of motivating their employees. 
\mwseibel- Motivation is the true multiplier on talent and hard work. Even the most talented team will crawl without proper motivation. 
\mwseibel- But in practice managing the motivation of yourself, your cofounders, and your employees is probably more important. 
\mwseibel- At YC we emphasize product and customers a lot. 
\mwseibel- Organizing and motivating teams of people over a long period of time is one of the few things that separates good f… 
\mwseibel- Excited to be doing office hours and speaking at LeanStartup Conference this year. Looking forward to meeting a lo… 
\mwseibel- Time to check Twitter this morning. Which intelligent people are debating perceived slights and misinterpreting fact less commentary today? 
\mwseibel- Should I Use a Dev Shop? - Michael Seibel 
\mwseibel- There are over 4000 YC alumni - if a non-alum is asking for payment to help you with your application or interview… 
\mwseibel- Needless to say - we don’t look kindly on this. 
\mwseibel- If you have seen anyone charging anything for YC application prep please let me know. We have already gotten repor… 
\mwseibel- If anyone is asking for compensation of any sort for YC interview prep please email me: Michael@ycombinator.com 
\mwseibel- YC interview prep is starting to jump the shark a bit. Please beware of snake oil salesmen. 
\mwseibel- 50/50 chance my kids will go to MakeSchool instead of a traditional university. 
\mwseibel- Visited two great YC Latam companies in the past two weeks @Grinscooters and @RappiColombia - so happy to be suppor… 
\mwseibel- Fun new video :) 
\mwseibel- Nice work! 
\mwseibel- This was a lot of fun :) 
\mwseibel- Do the founder friendly thing and win deals by being better and offering more value. 
\mwseibel- New (old) trend. Accelerators using exploding offers to force founders applying to YC to accept money before knowi… 
\mwseibel- Love this! 
\mwseibel- Please take a second to support this important non-profit and I'll happily match your donation. 
\mwseibel- I ask because many founders worry that this is make work or an indication of a lack of interest in their company. 
\mwseibel- I understand why this is something that a Series A investor wants and a Series B/C investor should demand. But how… 
\mwseibel- Honest question for early stage investors (angels/funds). Why would you ask an early stage company (just launched… 
\mwseibel- Women: Learn to Program this Summer 
\mwseibel- Our advice to founders in this situation is to be upfront and ask if the investor thinks there is a conflict. 
\mwseibel- Getting a lot of YC founders telling me that firms who have invested in competitors are proactively reaching out an… 
\mwseibel- YC Winter 2019 Batch Stats # 
\mwseibel- It begins again :) 
\mwseibel- YC Alumni Demo Day is tomorrow. I'm excited! 
\mwseibel- It would be helpful if demo day investors remember that at YC we have standard investment paperwork. Using our pap… 
\mwseibel- Be careful when an investor is telling you exactly what you want to hear. It might feel good but make sure you und… 
\mwseibel- The number of YC founders who reach out to me years after their batch and say they wish they had stayed closer to Y… 
\mwseibel- In the YC case specifically - its to convince founders they have graduated from YC and now it's time for them to ge… 
\mwseibel- In the YC case specifically - its to convince founders they have graduated from YC and now it's time for them to ge… 
\mwseibel- The easiest way to do that (and most disastrous) is to convince the founders they already have product market fit a… 
\mwseibel- One trick that investors use to get founders to take their money is to make the founders feel cool. 
\mwseibel- This is a common early stage startup problem that is easy to fix. 
\mwseibel- Nebia Spa Shower 2.0: Better for You. Better for the Planet. via Kickstarter 
\mwseibel- Great advice here: 
\mwseibel- Updates from YC 
\mwseibel- Nice work :) 
\mwseibel- I have almost dug out of a 5 month backlog of emails. Hopefully my email response time will improve from this point forward :) 
\mwseibel- Great work :)!!! -- Our next chapter: Expanding gigs and announcing our investors, led by Benchmark and Bill Gurle… 
\mwseibel- If someone wants to accomplish the same ends as I do but through different means... I believe we are on the same t… 
\mwseibel- If these three groups on the left worked together (instead of fighting all the time) and applied our minds to gover… 
\mwseibel- Startup folks are good at finding hacks - solutions where 10% of the work produces 90% of the result. Those who ha… 
\mwseibel- The true question is how we accomplish these ends. Instead of attacking each other - we should be having a positiv… 
\mwseibel- The reason why is that we actually agree on ends (better/cheaper heathcare, better education, less pollution, campa… 
\mwseibel- When the left and the far left fight they almost always debate means as opposed to ends. 
\mwseibel- People talk about 10x engineers a lot (and they should - they are extremely valuable). They don’t talk enough abou… 
\mwseibel- Founders and managers should be hyper sensitive to motivation. Often your actions/example in the workplace effect… 
\mwseibel- Motivation is often the difference between a C work product and an A work product. 
\mwseibel- When I was young I thought management was about distribution/delegation of responsibilities. I now realize it is t… 
\mwseibel- The founding story of Lucy by David Renteln 
\mwseibel- So excited for @eightsleep. They are launching The Pod: The first bed with dynamic cooling and heating that keeps… 
\mwseibel- If you are looking for a summer internship at a YC company - check this out: 
\mwseibel- A great new angel firm out of Lagos Nigeria 
\mwseibel- Great opportunity for NYC founders: 
\mwseibel- A Strategic Guide to Preemptive Funding Offers # 
\mwseibel- Happy to be visiting Atlanta this month :) 
\mwseibel- Leap Spins Out of YC # 
\mwseibel- YC 120 # 
\mwseibel- The YC Series A program is one of the most important new initiatives at YC over the past 2 years. @harris is doing a great job running it. 
\mwseibel- Things We’ve Learned About Series As 
\mwseibel- Applications for YC Summer 2019 Are Open 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator Aims to Boost Series A Fortunes via @WSJ 
\mwseibel- Welcome Elizabeth, Lindsay, Aaron, Kevin, Solomon, Holly, Mia, Casey, Sachin, Rachel and Janelle 
\mwseibel- Holy shit - I love this so much!!! 
\mwseibel- YC Series A Program Investor Access 
\mwseibel- And usually the result is that some class of people get more rights, representation, visibly, and power. 
\mwseibel- Whenever culture changes people use slippery slope arguments to warn that we should return to the old ways. The fu… 
\mwseibel- So in conclusion: I think this was probably a good business decision. I also think that if this ad represents the… 
\mwseibel- 5) The culture is changing and as women are more empowered, media is going to change as well. This is a good and natural thing! 
\mwseibel- 4) Younger generations want to support companies that support the causes they believe in. See Nike. The days of t… 
\mwseibel- 3) I don’t think most men believe that it is bad to break up fights, stop your friend from catcalling a women, or n… 
\mwseibel- 2) In many married households, women do most of the household shopping. 
\mwseibel- Some things to consider. 1) Lots of women buy razors and many buy “men’s razors”. Pissing of ~10% of dudes to app… 
\mwseibel- Starting obligatory tweet on Gillette ad: some people are trying to explain why the ad is causing some to have a n… 
\mwseibel- Important life skill: 
\mwseibel- Meet YC in Waterloo and Toronto 
\mwseibel- It’s great to see two YC companies working together like this. 
\mwseibel- Keep in mind the goal of the campaign finance amendment would be to prevent all companies and individuals from dona… 
\mwseibel- I’d hope for the former but assume some would fear the latter. 
\mwseibel- result in more fair elections with higher quality candidates or with more celebrity/populist candidates who are eve… 
\mwseibel- Question: Would aggressive campaign finance reform (constitutional amendment prohibiting all political donations, a… 
\mwseibel- If it turns out that the left has to be 2x more organized than the right to accomplish their goals... that is a high bar. 
\mwseibel- One thought that comes to mind is perhaps change requires more organization than status quo. So if both parties ar… 
\mwseibel- Is there any other strategy that will work? Happy to hear your thoughts. 
\mwseibel- How bad will things have to get before we on the left put away our differences and compromise for the common good? 
\mwseibel- I’m starting to believe that the Republican era that started with Reagan and has continued to this day is far more… 
\mwseibel- Is there much value in winning a debate, being “correct”, putting someone else down, or being the most woke if the… 
\mwseibel- Any idea why we (the left) do this? Seems like in order to progress we need to compromise and consensus build, but… 
\mwseibel- More and more often I see the left and the far left fighting against each other. This is a huge win for the right... 
\mwseibel- Starting to think this was @StephenCurry30’s plan all along. He is playing chess not checkers. #freeNASAtour 
\mwseibel- Thoughts on Starting a Startup, Finding Product Market Fit, and Fundraising # 
\mwseibel- Big News! - YC alum Make School gains rare accreditation for 2-year applied CS bachelor’s degree via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Impressive! 
\mwseibel- It's pretty clear that over the next decade software products are going to be more regulated by the government. I… 
\mwseibel- Check this out. 
\mwseibel- Very interesting job opportunity for anyone who wants to get into venture investing 
\mwseibel- Being in the receiving side of this style of advice giving can be very challenging. But there is so much gold here… 
\mwseibel- This is one of the core tenants of YC. To be honest and direct with our founders. Not to be hurtful, but to push… 
\mwseibel- I *think* the reason why they were able to give great advice was that they were confident in themselves, were since… 
\mwseibel- I can honestly say that without their advice Twitch would never exist. 
\mwseibel- Two people who did this for us at / were Paul Buchheit @paultoo and… 
\mwseibel- But some investors actually tell you the real deal with direct and clear language. As a founder - that is what I needed to hear. 
\mwseibel- ... So they tend to be very cautious and often they don’t tell you what they are really thinking at all. 
\mwseibel- I think the reason why was that I often asked investors for advice and they have mixed motivations. They never wan… 
\mwseibel- When I first came out to the valley I asked a lot of people for advice on how to make my startup great. What I got… 
\mwseibel- When I talk to founders often I am very very direct and that can come off as inconsiderate. This is not my intention... 
\mwseibel- One thing that grinds my gears is when **early stage** startup co-founders aren't transparent with each other about… 
\mwseibel- We accepted a founder today whose first email to me was 3 years ago. Crazy! I'm so excited for him. 
\mwseibel- West Wing Quote of the Day: Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. In… 
\mwseibel- West Wing Quote of the Day: "There’s a Wilson quote: “Is the present war a struggle for a just and secure peace or… 
\mwseibel- If you know a former Life Sciences founder please let them know that this fall YC is hiring a Visiting Partner for… 
\mwseibel- If you are trying to access money from the tech startup community - one cheat code is to hold this more expansive v… 
\mwseibel- I see tech as replacing the whole toolbox with a better one. It can inform so many areas that are traditional seen… 
\mwseibel- There is an interesting trend I see amongst a small but growing set of founders. Instead of actively reaching for… 
\mwseibel- Boom! Brex launches its new rewards program - this is the best startup credit card via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- You should always try to learn from your mistakes but over learning / over correcting can cause just as many proble… 
\mwseibel- Instead next time, consider being smarter about choosing a cofounder who is the right fit for you... 
\mwseibel- You shouldn’t just default to starting your next company as a solo founder... 
\mwseibel- Specific application - if your last startup had a bunch of cofounder conflict that ultimately led to a poor outcome... 
\mwseibel- Important lesson. Don’t over learn from your previous mistakes. 
\mwseibel- Great tips here 
\mwseibel- Hard burn... 
\mwseibel- 5) If you want more advice just look here: 
\mwseibel- 4) Don't have a crazy unequal equity split (https://t.co/i4uMYFNiaL) 
\mwseibel- 3) Know something about the problem you are solving that most other people don't (usually because you experience th… 
\mwseibel- 2) Build an MVP before you make a deck 
\mwseibel- 1) Have a technical co-founder 
\mwseibel- The cheat codes for raising angel funding... 
\mwseibel- Engineers interested in working for a YC top 100 startup should consider applying at This… 
\mwseibel- Fun facts: The top 100 companies have created over 28,000 jobs. Of the companies that are valued at over $1B, you'l… 
\mwseibel- Fun facts: The top 100 companies have created over 28,000 jobs. Of the companies that are valued at over $1B, you'l… 
\mwseibel- YC Top Companies List – 2018: The top 100 YC companies ordered by valuation (including the top 12 exits), as of Oct… 
\mwseibel- I agree with this! It's quiet easy to motivate people (even powerful people). Compliment and praise them when the… 
\mwseibel- Sexual harassment and coercion in the startup investor community needs to be eradicated. All investors need to red… 
\mwseibel- So many martech YC applications. There cannot be this many people in the world interested in martech. I'd give my… 
\mwseibel- Trying to buy a car from a dealership is like begging someone to take your money... 
\mwseibel- Every product built in the Bay Area should do this - looking at you @Google, @facebook, and @Apple 
\mwseibel- Pay attention. This is how America loses its global advantage. 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- The YC Hackathon was really great this weekend. I enjoyed staying late and talking to participants and I look forw… 
\mwseibel- So I get an email newsletter everyday from YCs internal social network. I've tried every filter imaginable but som… 
\mwseibel- Interested in becoming YCs first ever full time UI/UX designer? You'll get to work on boo… 
\mwseibel- Great advice 
\mwseibel- YC is hiring a new batch director. This is one of the most impactful employee roles at YC, reports directly to me,… 
\mwseibel- Well a lot of companies have applied to YC for the w19 batch. Now it's time to read applications. BTW - if you ar… 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- Doing a live interview with Google Cloud today on YC Essential Startup advice. Here is the original blog post:… 
\mwseibel- Strangely the easier we make it to apply to YC the more founders want to take us out to dinner/lunch/coffee etc. T… 
\mwseibel- This is a bad way to ask for advice over a cold email: describe what your company does, send a link, and then say "… 
\mwseibel- Be careful with advisors who aren't willing to invest and who want a large chunk of your startup (above .5%)... 
\mwseibel- Most common question I get: Is YC a good fit for my startup? Most common answer: Yes! 
\mwseibel- Truth! 
\mwseibel- Happy to discuss in the HN comments here: 
\mwseibel- New Essay: How YC has changed over the past 13 years. 
\mwseibel- The YC New Standard Deal: $150k for 7% on a post money cap SAFE. 
\mwseibel- This might be the beginning of something special - Facebook's newest VR headset, Oculus Quest, ships in the spring… 
\mwseibel- 5) Remember that startup accelerators are not like universities. There isn't much of a difference between the top… 
\mwseibel- 4) Remember if they are using high pressure sales tactics is it an accelerator you really want to be a part of? Ev… 
\mwseibel- 3) Ask the other accelerator for the option to defer. 
\mwseibel- 2) Don't accept the other accelerator's offer and learn from the content in the Startup School library:… 
\mwseibel- 1) Tell the accelerator you want to wait until you hear from YC. YC Interview invitations are sent on Oct 23rd. 
\mwseibel- If you have gotten into another accelerator but want to wait for YC here are some tactics you can try: 
\mwseibel- I feel less like this when the startup asks a very specific question or presents and interesting problem that perha… 
\mwseibel- On one hand I want to be helpful and I always reply to their emails offering the same advice I would give to a YC c… 
\mwseibel- Is it really a competitor to YC if they can't help with the basics and/or their demo day doesn't help you raise mon… 
\mwseibel- Not sure what I'm supposed to think when companies who go to "competing" startup accelerators email asking for basi… 
\mwseibel- YC would fund this. 
\mwseibel- One counterintuitive thought is that unfortunately your company might be worse off if you attend a low quality star… 
\mwseibel- I feel for founders who are in this situation because I understand the YC acceptance rate is fairly low... 
\mwseibel- It's as if Yale thought they couldn't get good applicants unless they had an admissions deadline 6 months before Harvard... 
\mwseibel- A lot of founders think that it is best to take the bird in the hand. I'm just not sure why someone would want to… 
\mwseibel- A number of startup accelerators/incubators put founders in a tough bind. They specifically run their admissions p… 
\mwseibel- Boom! Camp YC (our annual YC reunion) begins! 
\mwseibel- Early Decision - a new process for college seniors who are considering applying to YC - 
\mwseibel- Goodbye Boston/NewYork - amazing trip. Had so much fun hanging with alumni in NYC and met some really great founde… 
\mwseibel- Great ad! 
\mwseibel- Tomorrow headed to HackMIT. Going to talk to some future founders and embarrass my little brother who is a junior there :) 
\mwseibel- One day/night in NYC. Super excited to be visiting: @ArthenaArt, @AptDeco, @hiburrow, @kidpass, @wayup,… 
\mwseibel- Excited that we are doing more Hackathons at YC! If you are interested apply to attend. 
\mwseibel- I love those days when you have a super productive meeting and really move your company forward. This is so rare c… 
\mwseibel- PS: if you don’t know best practices - here is a guide: 
\mwseibel- And if you see a founder not acting correctly - please email me and I’ll be happy to reach out to them. Michael@ycombinator.com 
\mwseibel- It’s a small community. We tell our founders to be polite, respectful of your time, and follow industry best pract… 
\mwseibel- 4) It’s often told to fellow batchmates... 
\mwseibel- 3) It’s communicated to YC legal team so that they can advise the company on how to respond 
\mwseibel- 2) It’s written up in the YC investor database for future YC founders to read 
\mwseibel- 1) YC Partners are told immediately (we have a WhatsApp group with every single company) 
\mwseibel- Investors in YC companies please remember. When you make extremely non-standard complicated requests, waste founde… 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- The majority of questions I receive are already addressed in blog posts online by people far smarter than me and in… 
\mwseibel- Tip to founders emailing for advice: Start with a google search and/or the following sites:… 
\mwseibel- ... if I were you and these things have been slowing you down for months - i'd consider changing your plan. Not yo… 
\mwseibel- One startup hint: if you are a first time founder it's a lot harder get forward momentum if the first step of your… 
\mwseibel- ... and you figure out which angels are interested in your industry. Getting what amounts to a cold intro from me… 
\mwseibel- For all founders who email me for intros to any angel investors I might know who are interested in X... There are… 
\mwseibel- Great thread! 
\mwseibel- As always. This is for tech startups and/or startups that want to raise from tech investors. 
\mwseibel- By do more work I don’t mean spend money to outsource engineering. Talk to customers, build v1 yourself using a we… 
\mwseibel- 8) If you ask the people on your list and they say no or maybe. Do more work to push your startup forward and ask… 
\mwseibel- (If you are working with someone you just met. Trust that many times good investors will want to wait some months… 
\mwseibel- 7) One thing you should also know is that when strangers start tech startups together - in our experience at YC - t… 
\mwseibel- (If you are still in school and might want to start a startup one day - consider that’s it probably helpful to make… 
\mwseibel- 6) If you don’t know anyone technical. Consider getting a job at a tech startup and building your network of software developers. 
\mwseibel- By that I mean - if the startup doesn’t work in two years. We shut it down - no harm no foul. 
\mwseibel- 5) Make the people on your list a real offer. Tell them exactly how much equity you’d be willing to give them (for… 
\mwseibel- 4) Seek people from your friend / work network. Make a list of everyone you know who writes code as their primary… 
\mwseibel- 3) Consider whether you should start with an idea at all. Perhaps it’s better to have a problem / cause you are pa… 
\mwseibel- 2) Consider whether or not you need to work on your idea. Perhaps you should help a tech-cofounder with their idea… 
\mwseibel- 1) It’s hard but important. Stick with it. Trust that this is just one of the many many hard things you’ll have to do to succeed. 
\mwseibel- Advice to non-technical founders looking for a tech co-founder: 
\mwseibel- If you aren’t trying to build a tech company or raise money from tech investors please ignore this because I have l… 
\mwseibel- Now this is a very typical path I see from hundreds of conversations with founders over the past 5 years who are tr… 
\mwseibel- As a result they often go into zombie mode and die. 
\mwseibel- Now the founder is caught. If they had more progress/traction they can probably raise but they already spent most… 
\mwseibel- No the founder wants to try to raise money from tech investors but the use of outsourced dev (especially for first… 
\mwseibel- Good founders iterate quickly so suddenly more and more money needs to be spent outsourcing. 
\mwseibel- The problem is they will have a very hard time figuring out if the code they receive was high quality and they will… 
\mwseibel- Even a super talented non-technical founder is going to run into a situation where they need code written. At this… 
\mwseibel- I’ve been asked to further explain why it is hard to build a tech startup (and raise money from tech investors) if… 
\mwseibel- Finally, don't ask a question before describing what your company does in 2 sentences... 
\mwseibel- More insight from YC Startup School questions. Don't waste your time with theoretical questions. Be specific and… 
\mwseibel- Trending Idea at YC Startup School: Yelp 2.0 
\mwseibel- If you are trying to build a large and impactful tech company - outsourcing tech is going to make your path 1000x harder... 
\mwseibel- What is really disappointing are the predatory businesses that tell these people it's okay not to have a tech co-fo… 
\mwseibel- Basically, they are stuck in one way or another and when they ask for advice the only real answer is "get a technic… 
\mwseibel- I gave a YC Startup School talk yesterday (https://t.co/uRHxHQlWVy) and have now received a ton of email questions… 
\mwseibel- YC Series A Program is humming! 
\mwseibel- New weak investor move. I’ll commit now but won’t wire until the entire round is raised. If you have conviction:… 
\mwseibel- Big news! 
\mwseibel- Boom - the YC fall tour - a great opportunity to meet YC Partners and alumni... check it out :) 
\mwseibel- Boom - another demo day coming to an end. Tons of fun. S18 is an amazing batch! 
\mwseibel- BOOM - Startup School: Every Company that Applied is Now Accepted 
\mwseibel- It’s YC S18 Demo Day 
\mwseibel- I really enjoy seeing the hundreds of YC alumni who attend YC demoday. I also love that they get a sneak peak on t… 
\mwseibel- I am consistently surprised how much hard work is a differentiator among startup investors... Honestly, it is the… 
\mwseibel- There are some days at work when your mind is literally blown. This was one of those days. 
\mwseibel- Big news. We’ve added Qi Lu as a YC Partner and the Head of YC China. So excited to have the opportunity to work… 
\mwseibel- Good read :) 
\mwseibel- We are hiring a PR Comms person at YC. Click here to apply: 
\mwseibel- Amazing work @8ennett 
\mwseibel- We just had the best fundraising talk and advice panel I’ve ever seen at YC in 5 years! Feeling super pumped for d… 
\mwseibel- YouTube fixed this problem with pro accounts and my usage of their product went way up (stealing time from the Facebook app). 
\mwseibel- For me it’s the ratio of organic friend content vs promotional content. Now for every 2-3 pieces of friend content I see one ad. 
\mwseibel- Is a relatively tiny market (online dating) really worth the risk? Why not instead figure out what is driving prev… 
\mwseibel- Isn’t someone worried that all of this expansion going to result in government regulation. Even more so when 2-3 b… 
\mwseibel- Why do the big tech companies feel the need to get into literally every online business? Especially when often tim… 
\mwseibel- Answering questions about YC, the application process, and why I believe YC 100% “worth it” 
\mwseibel- "Do you know anyone who..." is not a very effective way to ask for an intro in my opinion... much easier when you'… 
\mwseibel- Also note - I'm talking about the startup industry not the tech industry. The more I work in the startup industry… 
\mwseibel- Unlike many other industries, startup founders rarely think of themselves as competing against each other and often… 
\mwseibel- I think this has something to do with how rare success is and how humble most successful founders are. Every succe… 
\mwseibel- The image/prestige of the startup world has taken some big hits in the last couple years and it's not inclusive as… 
\mwseibel- Something I see every day that is rarely discussed: founders/former founders/experienced founders helping new found… 
\mwseibel- Big congrats! So happy to be supporting another YC growth stage company! 
\mwseibel- Great job opportunity at YC: 
\mwseibel- Great blog post! 
\mwseibel- Hey folks - doing office hours on the YC podcast. See below :) 
\mwseibel- Congrats! 
\mwseibel- Btw - as much as I like to discount design vs functionality, sometimes great design just makes you feel good inside… 
\mwseibel- With the launch of Startup School 2018 we also launched a great startup advice library useful for startups of almos… 
\mwseibel- Startup School 2018 - from Y Combinator: Y Combinator’s free online course for startups via @ProductHunt 
\mwseibel- Also - I love all YC alumni but I think it is particularly hard for them to give advice on this subject. If you want to do YC - just apply! 
\mwseibel- Common Misconceptions About Applying To YC: 
\mwseibel- The number of founders who think that YC has a rule that eliminates them from consideration is astounding. Founder… 
\mwseibel- Write software for YC and learn about our org from the inside: 
\mwseibel- New blog post: Why Does Your Company Deserve More Money? Read here: Join the discussion he… 
\mwseibel- I really should have asked does anyone have any data on why no labels and unclear buttons are better? 
\mwseibel- btw - this is a zero snark tweet - I assume there are good reasons for both - I'd just love to know what they are... 
\mwseibel- There are two design conventions going around that I don't understand. Could someone please educate me. 1) Button… 
\mwseibel- Great tool for new startups - OpenPhone lets you get a business phone number with an app via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- More often in the tech startup world product success leads to a strong network rather than a strong network creatin… 
\mwseibel- Something I learned from PG: Its impossible to disrupt an existing industry if you spend ALL your time trying to be… 
\mwseibel- An amazing (and scary) comment from Reddit on opiod use: 
\mwseibel- Grow the Puzzle Around You Great talk by @jesslivingston at the YC Female Founders Conference today. 
\mwseibel- All YC companies should understand this! 
\mwseibel- The beginning is here though... which is truly impressive @jack 
\mwseibel- Tweet storming built into the Twitter app helps a lot but the UI around consuming multi-person conversations and th… 
\mwseibel- But it might need more than 280 characters and moderation features would be extremely important. 
\mwseibel- Clearly it wasn’t perfect... (there was a lot of war in Ender’s Game) but imagine the ability to have real, in-dept… 
\mwseibel- Sometimes I wonder how Twitter would be different if you were required to write 3 paragraphs instead of a couple se… 
\mwseibel- It’s my core belief though that our system was built for stability over speed and this American tradition of politi… 
\mwseibel- It’s hard to accept that the fight between the right and left overtime is what creates long term strength and stabi… 
\mwseibel- I really wished there was a way to separate economic policy and social policy in our country. I know a lot people… 
\mwseibel- But we can’t - so in times like these I remember this MLK quote: “The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.” 
\mwseibel- Instead of this back and forth between liberals and conservatives sometimes I wish we could run the most extreme A/… 
\mwseibel- Just witnessed the first dinner of the first YC Series A batch. The goal is to help YC companies better organize a… 
\mwseibel- Applications for YC W19 Are Open - happy to answer questions about the application process :) 
\mwseibel- Boom! Great job @BenJealous 
\mwseibel- When I was going to school in the early 2000s I wish Yale made a better case to all freshman on how valuable learni… 
\mwseibel- Also high school and college kids need to remember that startups are like most jobs in the modern economy, a STEM e… 
\mwseibel- ... if it doesn’t work out, often you can still get that big company job with a higher salary and more responsibili… 
\mwseibel- Interestingly - even despite the risks - I think it is becoming smarter and smarter to start a company if you have… 
\mwseibel- Many college grads are told that getting a job at the big companies of today will set them up for life. I’m pretty… 
\mwseibel- Something very similar happened to my Dad at Merrill Lynch / Bank of America 
\mwseibel- One comment to single out: 
\mwseibel- Everyone knows that startups are “risky” but no one talks about this: 
\mwseibel- This is a political ad: 
\mwseibel- Talking about YCs new product to help all of our companies hire their first 10 engineers. 
\mwseibel- Love this :) 
\mwseibel- Want to work for a YC startup? Its a great way to break into Silicon Valley and good path to becoming a YC founder.… 
\mwseibel- Another great YC company!!! — Drip Capital helps exporters access working capital via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Veriff is great :) 
\mwseibel- Boom! Excited for this launch :) 
\mwseibel- Please read this if you want a mentor... 
\mwseibel- One of the most fun parts of YC is learning from founders. I’ve learned so much about so many problems/industries… 
\mwseibel- I hate when early founders believe that investors are the smartest people in the room. Having money/leverage does… 
\mwseibel- “But, it seems, the talent market is looking to the investment community to signal to them what companies are worth… 
\mwseibel- Really interesting thread 
\mwseibel- Really interesting thread 
\mwseibel- Introducing YC Series A Batches 
\mwseibel- YC looks to help more of its companies lock down Series A funding via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Any startups building productivity apps for Oculus Go? If so I'd love to demo! 
\mwseibel- Want to help YC companies prepare to raise their Series A rounds - apply for the job below :) 
\mwseibel- I don’t think investors help companies by telling them to ramp burn pre-product market fit. I often think there wo… 
\mwseibel- What disappoints me more than anything are the companies that think burn = progress and then flame out in 1.5-2 years. 
\mwseibel- I started part time at YC over 5 years ago and have now seen about 1000 YC companies. The thing that never ceases t… 
\mwseibel- From a NYTimes OpEd: 
\mwseibel- I’m learning how much jargon has invaded many many more industries than tech. Keep in mind - when talking to norma… 
\mwseibel- Really enjoying our trip to Beijing. Meeting a lot of great startups. 
\mwseibel- Congrats!!! 
\mwseibel- Great post for anyone thinking about fundraising - especially good for the YC founders looking to raise series A in… 
\mwseibel- “It is often easier to choose the path of self-destruction when you don’t consider who you are taking along for the… 
\mwseibel- PS: re Google - YouTube is also still going strong. My daily usage has trended up over the past 5 years. Impressive! 
\mwseibel- I’ve always been a huge Facebook fan since joining back in 2005. I hope this is just a sign of me getting older.… 
\mwseibel- Interestingly - Google is still a central player in my life. Even as an iPhone user Google Search, Docs, Gmail, an… 
\mwseibel- On the plus side Oculus Go is pretty neat... and Whatapp is essential to my work and social life. Still - where d… 
\mwseibel- Slowly but surely my Facebook newsfeed is declining. A mix of ads, “viral content”, and people I don’t know well h… 
\mwseibel- One of the best YC companies I’ve had the privilege of working with 
\mwseibel- Great advice here 
\mwseibel- “50 Latina Tech Founders — The Stats” by @ceciliacorral 
\mwseibel- They did a great job! 
\mwseibel- That way as people compose their email they will be able to read that status and create an internal expectation abo… 
\mwseibel- What I'd like to do is set my current status in Gmail. When trying to email me - perhaps when selecting my name to… 
\mwseibel- I want to let people know that I'm slammed but definitely will reply to their email but I don't want to use an auto… 
\mwseibel- I have a small problem that I think @gmail could fix. Often times there is something going on at YC that causes me… 
\mwseibel- Why does this happen in our “free” country? 
\mwseibel- And shout out to Group 5: one of the most interesting and compelling groups @gustaf and I have ever had the opportu… 
\mwseibel- YC W2018 - what a great class! We miss you already :) 
\mwseibel- Nice work @diegoarey - excited to see the YC Bio companies in the next batch 
\mwseibel- It would be great if Gmail could keep all invitations, document signature requests, and other similar essential items in my primary inbox. 
\mwseibel- Note to founders - check the copyright year on your website. It's a subtle that shows you are paying attention to details. 
\mwseibel- I've been a huge Facebook user for over 10 years and I still love it but for the first time today I saw so many ads… 
\mwseibel- America’s villages are collapsing—so who’s raising the children? via @qz - amazing article by @APatelThompson 
\mwseibel- Boom! Nice work :) 
\mwseibel- To apply for the YC Summer 2018 batch - just follow this link: 
\mwseibel- Even though we are past the YC application deadline you can still submit an application late. There are over 600 l… 
\mwseibel- Crazy VR app that I would love: imagine putting on a headset and you have a 360 work space where you can brainstorm… 
\mwseibel- So much good stuff here! 
\mwseibel- Its 2018 - why are we still having a debate about the need for technical co-founders? Especially for tech heavy software startups? 
\mwseibel- Reading YC apps I'm seeing too many founders who have raised some seed capital and who outsource engineering to cut… 
\mwseibel- Nicely done! I love using the Lugg app and excited for v2 :) 
\mwseibel- #YCW2018 If you do as much as I do in your browser (specifically in Google Suite) you could consider using… 
\mwseibel- By the numbers most of them will fail - but all of them should be celebrated. They aren't just talking about how b… 
\mwseibel- ...but I think more people should spend some time learning about the next generation of founders who have realized… 
\mwseibel- It will take a decade or longer for the true effect of these types of investments to be felt but I think more peopl… 
\mwseibel- ...help people save for retirement, speed up drug discovery, support refugees trying to build a new life, and more.… 
\mwseibel- ... eliminate smoking, fight the opioid crisis, provide higher speed internet to those in need, increase access to… 
\mwseibel- In just the past batch at YC I've seen companies/non-profits who want to reform the prison system, make it easier t… 
\mwseibel- I'm starting to believe more and more that it's possible for YC (and the valley in general) to have a disproportion… 
\mwseibel- However, our government isn't well functioning and even more importantly the best and brightest people I knew growi… 
\mwseibel- I had a great conversation with an old college friend that got me thinking. Almost all of the items on YCs Request… 
\mwseibel- Great post: 
\mwseibel- Congrats @siftscience! 
\mwseibel- A YC Company making real progress helping large companies diversify their workforce @Jopwell @Porter_Braswell 
\mwseibel- Super impressive! 
\mwseibel- Boom - another demo day complete - YC W2018 was an amazing batch - so much fun to work with!!! 
\mwseibel- Great demo day presentation today from @TipeIO! 
\mwseibel- I just watched @justinkan give his 4th YC Demo Day presentation with @atriumllp. From the 1st batch to the 26th bat… 
\mwseibel- While providing a possible path - my primary goal was to destroy some commonly held myths about "the right way" to… 
\mwseibel- One thing I'll point out from the onset is that there are many paths to starting a startup and this one is not the… 
\mwseibel- I've been invited to some universities lately to talk to students about Y Combinator and the question "how do I com… 
\mwseibel- One Order of Operations for Starting a Startup 
\mwseibel- Hmm... YC CryptoClub - I like that name! 
\mwseibel- For anyone considering applying to the next YC batch - please read: 
\mwseibel- Important read: 
\mwseibel- YC Winter 2018 Stats - learn about the current YC batch: 
\mwseibel- At YC - we used @waitwhile to schedule demo day prep and it was great - if you ever have to manage a queue - you sh… 
\mwseibel- From a man who knows YC well. 
\mwseibel- YC Winter 2018 Demo Day - Day 1 is here! I know everyone will do a great job today. To all the investors attendin… 
\mwseibel- It’s YC W2018 alumni demo day! 
\mwseibel- I agree with this! I think of these as excel startups. 
\mwseibel- I just donated to Jean Fritz’s healthcare on @watsi! 
\mwseibel- Applying to YC is free. It doesn't need to be a big decision in your companies life. If you are at all curious ab… 
\mwseibel- Also - would YC fund a company like X? Answer: yes! we love to fund all kinds of different companies. 
\mwseibel- Everyday I find myself answering the same two questions: 1) Am I too early to apply to YC? 2) Am I too late to app… 
\mwseibel- TrapFi 2.0: Get paid per pull request via @ProductHunt 
\mwseibel- My answer to Riku Iwanaga’s question on @TryMolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- EasyEmail: Gmail plug-in that helps you write emails quickly via @ProductHunt 
\mwseibel- My answer to Hernan Aracena’s question on @TryMolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- Nice work! 
\mwseibel- 39 million Americans now own a smart speaker, and Storyline (W18) lets you build and publish Alexa skills without c… 
\mwseibel- 👋🏾 Got a question for me? Ask me anything here and you’ll get an answer right away: 
\mwseibel- For all you folks on mobile phones :) 
\mwseibel- So happy for @getScopeAI - congrats on the launch! ScopeAI helps companies analyze their customer feedback… 
\mwseibel- Also if you want to browse the complete list feel free to check this out: 
\mwseibel- We pushed a small change to the YC homepage a couple days ago that makes it easy to see some of the biggest compani… 
\mwseibel- Lots of great YC company news today! Nice work @t_xu! 
\mwseibel- I think YC’s first Satellite company :) - congrats! 
\mwseibel- Big Deals Great post by YC partner @harris 
\mwseibel- EasyEmail (YC W2018) the Gmail plug-in that helps you write emails very quickly just got featured on Forbes! Check… 
\mwseibel- EasyEmail (YC W2018) the Gmail plug-in that helps you write emails very quickly just got featured on Forbes! Check… 
\mwseibel- BOOM! Congrats to @triple_byte 
\mwseibel- Wow - last 33 hrs in NYC: 15 hrs office hours, 30+ companies, 15 YC companies, 15 s2018 applicants, 12 hrs sleep (f… 
\mwseibel- Awesome to see @Scentbird - YC NYC alumni tour continues :) 
\mwseibel- Just visited @goldbely in NYC from YC w13 - my first batch working with YC companies. So impressed with their progress! 
\mwseibel- Very excited to do this #BlackHistoryMonth startup AMA today :) 
\mwseibel- Nicely Done! Indigo Fair raises $12 million to ‘reinvent wholesale’ with AI-powered marketplace for indie retailer… 
\mwseibel- I just answered Jerry Yue’s question on @trymolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- I just answered Isaiah Udotong’s question on @trymolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- Anyone else having a problem with @Apple facial recognition? At this point I think it works less than 10% of the time for me. 
\mwseibel- In the tech startup world (I cannot speak to other worlds) when reaching out to an advisor / investor - just be str… 
\mwseibel- Asking for a meeting upfront is inefficient when often what you actually need is specific advice, information, or an introduction. 
\mwseibel- Asking someone you've never met to be a mentor is also a recipe for a polite "no thank you" or for an email ignored. 
\mwseibel- Getting product feedback on your idea from an investor/advisor who is not a potential user of your product is proba… 
\mwseibel- When founders reach out they tend to ask for general feedback, for a mentor, or for a meeting. I think they are giv… 
\mwseibel- Welcome Eric, Holly, Diego, Matt, Nic, Kyle, Adele, Jose, Matt, Ramon, and Gia 
\mwseibel- Great story by @chrissyfarr on how YC company @Call9Medical came to be. Proud to be part of their journey. 
\mwseibel- Join 4 top investors and me for an AMA with the @AfroTech community on February 22nd at 1:30 p.m. PST. #AfroTechAMA… 
\mwseibel- I just answered Rapháel C. Dixon’s question on @trymolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- I just answered David Ernst’s question on @trymolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- Founders are always surprised that I answer their emails and that my email address is in my twitter profile. Helpi… 
\mwseibel- My two most common email replies: Great to meet you - how can I be helpful? and Have you considered applying to YC? 
\mwseibel- YC company :) 
\mwseibel- I just answered Josh Constine’s question on @trymolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- Spread the word 
\mwseibel- It’s not that networking/biz dev is never important - I just think it’s an easier skill to learn and making somethi… 
\mwseibel- Err - twitter typo - 
\mwseibel- I don’t believe networking / biz deving is the most important skill for most founders to hone. I’d take technical… 
\mwseibel- The number one thing I like about YC is that founders don’t have to network/biz dev their way into the program. We… 
\mwseibel- YC Winter Tour! 
\mwseibel- I just answered Marshall Kirkpatrick’s question on @trymolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- I just answered Ron Fan’s question on @trymolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- I just answered Nicola Texeira’s question on @trymolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- Interest post 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator Is Launching A “Grad School” For Booming Startups 
\mwseibel- Bm 
\mwseibel- I just answered @EstherCrawford’s question on @trymolly #AskMolly 
\mwseibel- YC Female Founders Conference kicks off today in Seattle :) - check out live stream here: 
\mwseibel- Startup Investor School: The Basics of Seed Investing # 
\mwseibel- Want to learn how to be better angel investor? Come to YC’s startup investor school :) 
\mwseibel- Go Yale! Finally getting its act together re: CS 
\mwseibel- YC Series A Program - One of our major goals in 2018 is to do more to help alumni. @harris is doing a great job lea… 
\mwseibel- Great post by @harris Mistakes in Time # 
\mwseibel- Congrats! 
\mwseibel- So excited to see YC hitting the road to meet founders all over the country :) 
\mwseibel- Applications open for YC Summer 2018 batch :) 
\mwseibel- Today is the deadline to apply to Female Founders Conference in Seattle on 2/3. We hope to see you there: 
\mwseibel- I'd like to better understand the experience of underrepresented technical people at large tech companies in the ba… 
\mwseibel- For founders in Seattle - we would love to meet you! 
\mwseibel- 👋🏾 Got a question for me? Ask me anything here and you’ll get an answer right away: - also… 
\mwseibel- Great project by @cadran_c 
\mwseibel- YC Bio # 
\mwseibel- How the #MeToo movement is sparking a wave of start-ups congrats @LisaGelobter 
\mwseibel- We are going to need a bigger room #YCW18begins @drewhouston thanks for kicking us off 
\mwseibel- A little bit on how YC works: 
\mwseibel- FYI - I think hiring too quickly is one of the top 3 reasons why YC startups die. This is an unfortunate side effe… 
\mwseibel- Common false milestones: funding rounds, head count, GMV (with negative margins), LTV (with minimal data), brand na… 
\mwseibel- Great founders tune out the startup scene and focus on their customers, their numbers, their health (mental@and phy… 
\mwseibel- Unfortunately the startup scene is a bit like high school. A bunch of people chasing after false goals/milestones… 
\mwseibel- ... I try to figure out how they can all become great. Sometimes a smart team just needs to stay alive long enough… 
\mwseibel- Since joining YC as a partner 3 years ago I’ve seen over 600 companies participate in the program. Most VCs spend… 
\mwseibel- Rereading PG essays reminds me how much easier it it to spot patterns of failure when you have worked with hundreds… 
\mwseibel- 
\mwseibel- Rereading @paulg essay Default Alive or Default Dead. If YC founders only followed the advice in this essay - I th… 
\mwseibel- Create your own world. Survive in Arenas and battlegrounds of Battle Royale. Play For FREE! #appstore #googleplay 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator Female Founders Conference 2018 # 
\mwseibel- Stories of family helping family - happy holidays! 
\mwseibel- Finally 2017 is slowly but surely winding down. YC W18 is going to be the largest batch in our history. Excited t… 
\mwseibel- Demo Day will be here before you know it... 
\mwseibel- If you are interested in starting a startup one day but want to work at one first - this is the place for you. 
\mwseibel- Its been a long time coming - today YC has opened up the v1 of Work at a Startup: - this ma… 
\mwseibel- Please spread this! 
\mwseibel- Mirror AI: AI that creates personalized emoji of you and your friends via @ProductHunt 
\mwseibel- Want to be a researcher for YC - apply here :) 
\mwseibel- TLDR: The quickest, easiest way to share articles with friends 
\mwseibel- Seems like the answers to will you invest are: yes, no, give me x days to make a decision, or send me y information… 
\mwseibel- I'll do half the round if you can find other investors to do the other half 
\mwseibel- I'll invest if you find a lead 
\mwseibel- Why do angel investors/angel firms say things like... 
\mwseibel- Google/Gmail controls my email by filtering out messages that it doesn't think I should see. Generally I don't mind… 
\mwseibel- First thing a founder should remember is to always be polite - we say this over and over again to each YC batch 
\mwseibel- This is so important! 
\mwseibel- Boom - big victory here! 
\mwseibel- Join me in calling Congress to pass the #DreamAct. Because we are all Dreamers. 
\mwseibel- Pretty cool to be on stage with 3 other POC tech investors - thank you for the opportunity to do this @AfroTech… 
\mwseibel- BOOM! YC Holiday Gift Guide :) 
\mwseibel- Late applications are still rolling in at YC - if you are interested in participating in the next YC batch but miss… 
\mwseibel- Join @PanoramaEd as VP of Sales! Right candidate is experienced enterprise sales leader (edu experience not nec). H… 
\mwseibel- Interview on NPRs Marketplace this morning - The role of accelerators in upping diversity in tech 
\mwseibel- Trying to help make undergrad CS better at @Yale - one little step at a time :) 
\mwseibel- Crypto Evolution - cool post by @ramonrecuero a software engineer at Y Combinator 
\mwseibel- Its the little joys in life - apologies to everyone I've taken so long to get back to - YC admissions is a beast! 
\mwseibel- So happy - first time in 1.5 months that I've hit effective inbox zero (personal plus work email no unreads, less than 50 starred messages) 
\mwseibel- New from my friends at @pluotco: custom video call domains, team dashboards, and more: #YC 
\mwseibel- Good luck to all the startup interviewing at YC. Here is some great interview advice from @jesslivingston - 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- YC headed to Israel :) Sign up here: 
\mwseibel- GOP outspends Dems 3:1 on digital @Tech4campaigns changing this! I'm matching donations up to $5K today. Join me 
\mwseibel- Join Panorama as VP of Product! One of education's fastest-growing products - make a difference for millions of kids 
\mwseibel- Help make it happen for Tech For Campaigns: Let’s elect more progressives #indiegogo via @indiegogo 
\mwseibel- Yes!!! We needed this tweet ten years ago at 
\mwseibel- The Hidden Forces Behind Toutiao: China’s Content King 
\mwseibel- Alright @danielgross AirPods are actually pretty cool :) 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- Copying is the sincerest form of flattery - Instagram Stories mimics Polly with new polls # via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Nicely done @RobertDVis !!! 
\mwseibel- #ycfalltour comes to an end - goodbye NYC 
\mwseibel- .@ROSSIntel is hiring AI designers, engineers, &amp; scientists in Toronto - check them out! 
\mwseibel- Is this viewpoint becoming more or less prevalent? I thought this perspective was driven to extinction over the past 10-15 years. 
\mwseibel- Met a founder recently who told me that software engineering is a commodity and the only thing that matters is business model / product fit 
\mwseibel- I'll be speaking at the Priceonomics Content Conference next month! Excited! 
\mwseibel- What Y Combinator Looks for in Nonprofits # 
\mwseibel- Congrats @sbp04 - TaskRabbit + IKEA seems like a perfect match :) 
\mwseibel- People often ask me for tech career advice - I don’t know much but this is what I’ve learned so far 
\mwseibel- New blog post :) - Three Paths in the Tech Industry: Founder, Executive, or Employee # 
\mwseibel- Boom! Jopwell raises $7.5 million to further its mission to diversify companies # via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- YC’s Essential Startup Advice - application deadline is next week - here is some of what you’ll learn at YC 
\mwseibel- YC fall tour round round kicks off this week for me! Boston then NYC :) 
\mwseibel- As we continue to strive to make YC great, I would like to understand what motivates a founder to seek a second accelerator. 
\mwseibel- Many of these accelerators are the big names that everyone has heard of. 
\mwseibel- Lots of recent participants of other accelerators have emailed me in the past week asking to participate in YC. 
\mwseibel- :) 
\mwseibel- Recap video of YC female founders conference just released today :) 
\mwseibel- Anvi @APatelThompson is an amazing YC founder who I have personally invested in and whose startup @meetpoppy is helping parents everyday 
\mwseibel- At YC - we strive to make every underrepresented founders experience feel like this: 
\mwseibel- Just wanted to amplify this tweet and also say that I am more than happy to help as well! 
\mwseibel- Come see me at #AfroTech - use this code to get a discount (SeeHearSpeak) - Register here: 
\mwseibel- Best feeling in the world? Being overwhelmed with work :) 
\mwseibel- Come meet us in Boston :) 
\mwseibel- - direct link 
\mwseibel- YC World - check out where all YC companies are around the world 
\mwseibel- 16 hours later and I'm in Singapore #YCFallTour :) 
\mwseibel- BOOM!!! - “How we built the first real self-driving car (really)” by Kyle Vogt 
\mwseibel- YC at the @glaad gala last night - congrats @sama @ycombinator proudly supports the LGBTQ community 
\mwseibel- This is so true! 
\mwseibel- That so strange - there is so much actual work to do!!! 
\mwseibel- But based on my email I suspect it's possible that there are many people whose primary job is requesting and then attending meetings. 
\mwseibel- With startup founders I'm often happy to steer them into simply telling me how I can help. That is part of my job. 
\mwseibel- Finally - why do people assume that with 2 weeks notice your schedule is completely free for meetings? 
\mwseibel- Also why do people want to wait to ask for something till they are in town for a meeting - that seems super slow! 
\mwseibel- In most cases the meeting is the least efficient way to get help. The exception for me is office hours - which are much better in person. 
\mwseibel- Why do people want to meet instead of just asking for what they want? I love being helpful - I hate having to attend an hour meeting. 
\mwseibel- Why can't people send K-1s as attachments? All this crappy software for managing investors in small funds is so frustrating!!!! 
\mwseibel- Killing DACA is stupid - giving it to a congress who can't get anything done is killing it. I don't recognize the c… 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator takes machine intelligence startups to school and learns a thing or two # via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator Fall Tour 2017 # 
\mwseibel- YC Demo Day 2 is underway! 
\mwseibel- Over 550 investors have checked into YC demo day today #ycdemoday @ycombinator 
\mwseibel- YC Demo Day 1 has begun @ycombinator #ycdemoday 
\mwseibel- YC Summer 2017 Stats # 
\mwseibel- Great podcast 
\mwseibel- Take a look :) 
\mwseibel- It's Demo Day 
\mwseibel- YC S2017 Demo Day prep complete - they are ready @ycombinator 
\mwseibel- So Good 
\mwseibel- Demo day prep is in full gear - good luck to the entire YC S2017 batch! @ycombinator 
\mwseibel- Read: 
\mwseibel- You should be actively recruiting these people and giving them a clear understanding of the career path within your firm. 
\mwseibel- They are doing this because the path into most VC firms is unclear and they fear being the "jr partner" with no investment authority... 
\mwseibel- VCs take note: I know a number of minority/female investors that would make great partners but instead are raising their own seed funds 
\mwseibel- Often times the best case is that you building something that people love and the Series A VCs chase you! 
\mwseibel- Understand this: Series A VCs are rarely the on ramp into the tech world or initial funding 
\mwseibel- If you can't find angels/early stage funds - search AngelList or Crunchbase... it's not that hard to find these people. 
\mwseibel- It's not cool to spend a bunch of time networking with investors - it's cool to work on your product and talk to customers. 
\mwseibel- They are much more likely to write early checks - also they often move faster. 
\mwseibel- No offense to the VCs but early stage founders you should be reaching out to angels and seed funds!!!! 
\mwseibel- So many founders I meet think that "networking" with Series A VCs is the most important thing to do to raise money.… 
\mwseibel- I had a great time hosting the @Code2040 fellows at @ycombinator SF office last night - I'm sure I met some future… 
\mwseibel- I had so much fun speaking at dev/color in Motion - thanks again for the invite @devcolororg @makinde 
\mwseibel- So important - make sure the government knows how important the Internet Entrepreneur Rule is to the startup commun… 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- Wow! YC founders are truly impressive. I'm in awe Khallil 
\mwseibel- I wish we could go back to the America where we felt like our government was fighting for the common good. 
\mwseibel- I realized I'm not pissed because I never really expected the government to be helpful in the first place... 
\mwseibel- The rule that would have made it easier for foreign founders who raise money to stay and grow their businesses in the US... 
\mwseibel- I was trying to figure out why I wasn't more pissed about Trump killing the International Entrepreneur Rule.... 
\mwseibel- When emailing someone for help/advice/etc your first ask should almost never be for a meeting.... just explain what you need help with! 
\mwseibel- No extra credit is given to people who don't ask for help. One reason why the valley is different is that we try to help one another. 
\mwseibel- Successful people are happy to help you if you reach out and ask - its much better to climb on other people's shoulders to get ahead... 
\mwseibel- Tip for young people in the valley (especially new comers and underrepresented folks) - you don't have to do everything by yourself... 
\mwseibel- Congrats - great new launch from the YC S2017 batch! 
\mwseibel- YC fall tour coming up in Sept - more info soon - excited to meet founders from all over the US (and world) 
\mwseibel- I wish as a country we felt more invested in the wellbeing of all of our citizens. There is both a moral good and a selfish good here. 
\mwseibel- Chloe Farand on American inequality: "We are not getting the benefits of all the people who could contribute to the growth of the economy" 
\mwseibel- I totally agree with this - please **consider** not using the recruiter and hiring from within 
\mwseibel- Everyone asks me which startup books to read: Blog Pmarca E-Book and Founders at Work 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- I wonder if there is a structural problem here - cause my gut is that tech reporters would rather write product stories too no? 
\mwseibel- As a large consumer of tech news, I much prefer to read product launch stories over fundraising stories. 
\mwseibel- More and more I hear from YC companies that tech reporters only want to write startup fundraising stories. Is that true? If so why? 
\mwseibel- Great sales panel hosted by People.ai 
\mwseibel- Why Should I Start a Startup? 
\mwseibel- Technical recruiting platform Triplebyte opens for business in New York via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Safes are not bad for entrepreneurs 
\mwseibel- It's counterintuitive and I think it's one of the secrets of the startup community. It very hard to see his happening from the outside. 
\mwseibel- There is something about the impossible challenge of running a startup that causes the people around you to want to lend a hand. 
\mwseibel- Just wanted to say thank you again! 
\mwseibel- He did it again 5 years ago at @socialcam - even though when I reached out he was on vacation 
\mwseibel- After helping out I remembered 10 years ago when was struggling and @jeffbarr from @awscloud got us out of a jam 
\mwseibel- There is a great early stage YC company having a problem with some of their hardware and asking for advice... 
\mwseibel- Great post on the insurance industry by YC partner @harris - Thoughts on Insurance 
\mwseibel- #ffc2017 :) 
\mwseibel- Is it me or does Europe have a lot more startup conferences than America? If so - does anyone know why? 
\mwseibel- “Lee-Gardner Amendment would reduce supersonic fuel burn by 20 percent or more” by @elidourado 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- Wow! 
\mwseibel- Quote of the day! 
\mwseibel- Scaling Growth | Gustaf Alstromer (YC Partner + Airbnb) &amp; Ed Baker (Uber) 
\mwseibel- Welcome Eric, Gustaf, and Jocelyn # 
\mwseibel- Really enjoyed working on this with Jeff 
\mwseibel- Shout out to @makinde &amp; @devcolororg - thank you for the referral to the YC software team! 
\mwseibel- Great founders don't use YC to decide whether their startup is good. They keep working on their startup no matter what. #therightstuff 
\mwseibel- Meet a company at YC interviews. They're rejected. Give them feedback. They stay in touch. Make progress. Now at break even. #therightstuff 
\mwseibel- I always love this graph #ycbootcamp @ycombinator @KatManalac 
\mwseibel- More and more I'm a victim of the drip email marketing campaigns that I advise startups to use all the time. #tasteofmyownmedicine 
\mwseibel- Only difference is that this is only half the batch! 
\mwseibel- YC S2017 speakers are back in 320! Great memories :) 
\mwseibel- What Founder Friendly Actually Means # 
\mwseibel- Why is it so hard to get lawyers to use Hellosign / Docusign or some other type of electronic signature product. #waitingfordistruption 
\mwseibel- Also your MVP doesn't have to be complicated - feel free to make your v1 unscalable - as long as it addresses a real customer problem 
\mwseibel- Ideas don't give you much leverage over investors, customers do! 
\mwseibel- You will have more success if you come up with an idea, build an mvp, get a couple customers and then try to raise money. 
\mwseibel- That isn't always the best order... 
\mwseibel- At some point someone has probably told you that startups come up with an idea, raise money, build, and then get customers... 
\mwseibel- If you are a first time founder having trouble raising money consider this: 
\mwseibel- “Triple the Hope — On When Venture Capitalists Pay Water Bills” by @tiffani 
\mwseibel- We are hiring an office manager for YC!!!! 
\mwseibel- Most common email conversation. Startup: we are interested in YC. Me: Great have you applied? Startup: no... Me:… 
\mwseibel- Err - on Wednesday that is :) 
\mwseibel- On Tuesday we knocked out almost a full day of late interviews for YC S2017 - congrats to all the new members of the class 
\mwseibel- Congrats! 
\mwseibel- Just dug out of my YC interviews email hole - so happy! (too many of my tweets around about email) 
\mwseibel- So happy to see Seed kicking butt: 
\mwseibel- Consistently the biggest email mistake I made in the past was asking for a meeting to ask for something - instead of just asking directly. 
\mwseibel- First day of YC interviews - good luck to everyone!!! 
\mwseibel- How to Build a Product: Part I with Michael Seibel, Emmett Shear, and Steve Huffman 
\mwseibel- YC Interviews start next week - good luck! Here are some pointers: 
\mwseibel- I hope the same rule applies in the business school world 
\mwseibel- In the startup world the best founders/investors want to be told when they should be looking at something in a different way. 
\mwseibel- Maybe that is why everyone says those two are the best. 
\mwseibel- Since tweeting about B schools failing their students who want to start startups, HBS and Stanford have reached out. Everyone else silent... 
\mwseibel- If any MBA wants a different perspective just read PG essays and watch how to start a startup: 
\mwseibel- It's depressing because you can see that this is a case of smart people being given bad advice - even in the Bay Area 
\mwseibel- Constantly seeing smart MBAs conducting surveys, not committing, not recruiting technical cofounders, and not building and launching mvps. 
\mwseibel- Reading YC applications and observing that business schools are doing a criminally poor job of prepping students to start tech companies 
\mwseibel- Startup School Online: First Lecture and Speaker List 
\mwseibel- Ditto! 
\mwseibel- Register today!!! Startup School Online: Registration and Deals 
\mwseibel- Amazing post on YC 
\mwseibel- Hacker News AMA on applying to YC starting in about 20 minutes: @ycombinator 
\mwseibel- Doing an AMA at 10am on Hacker News to talk about applying to YC, the deadline is in a week! 
\mwseibel- Beek is the emoji-based book review site aiming to change e-commerce in Latin America via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- International companies interested in YC - read this: US Visas 
\mwseibel- If you are interested in learning more about YC the YC FAQ is actually a great place to look:… 
\mwseibel- Congrats!!! YC is excited to support the next Jkan project :) 
\mwseibel- Well... that blows past our goal :) 
\mwseibel- We launched Startup School today! A completely online class for learning about startups. Learn more and enroll here: 
\mwseibel- Bulletin: WeWork for retail space @ycombinator via @katmanalac 
\mwseibel- Department Store 2.0 - congrats on the launch @bulletin_co @ycombinator 
\mwseibel- Riley: Lead qualification as a service - congrats on your launch :) via @katmanalac… 
\mwseibel- Hivy 2.0: Making your office a better place via @sama 
\mwseibel- Read about what YC has been up to 
\mwseibel- YC at Columbia, Harvard, MIT, Stanford, UPenn 
\mwseibel- I'm headed to MIT this month - gonna talk about YC and visit my little bro: Office hours: 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator now lets anyone recommend startups via @techcrunch - sign up here: 
\mwseibel- Lessons From Doing YC Twice – Harj Taggar 
\mwseibel- YC is hiring someone to help us scale the batch. Apply on Lever: 
\mwseibel- Fundraising Rounds Are Not Milestones 
\mwseibel- Damn good post 
\mwseibel- Tracy is giving a great talk at @ycombinator tonight :) 
\mwseibel- Great project @danielgross, many oppose Trump's executive order on immigration, where does your company stand?… 
\mwseibel- How To Get Into Natural Language Processing 
\mwseibel- Boom! Cruise kicking ass and taking names - live test of Cruise self driving car in San Francisco. 
\mwseibel- Fun late night read: 
\mwseibel- Prototype day at YC! Seeing the companies in the current batch present for the first time and I'm so excited! YCW2017 is going to be great 
\mwseibel- Amazing post from @sama about the role ACA (Obamacare) has played in YC founder's lives - 
\mwseibel- Fun little blog post on VR: 
\mwseibel- #Boom - leaving YC at 11:30pm, tons of work done - tons of work left todo - tomorrow 3.5 hrs of office hours and lots of emails :) #lovingit 
\mwseibel- Crazy and depressing year in many respects - I can only hope 2017 will be better 
\mwseibel- Great info here for folks who want to get into VC 
\mwseibel- Great info here for folks who want to get into VC 
\mwseibel- Doing a fun AMA today on @askwhale - check it out here: 
\mwseibel- Tomorrow I'm taking your questions on Whale! 🐳 Ask me anything about startups &amp; YC. #AskWhale 
\mwseibel- Love these guys!!! 
\mwseibel- Max Levchin of Affirm: Seeking the Endurance Athletes of Business 
\mwseibel- #Boom - inbox ZERO (aka: inbox 53) 
\mwseibel- I'm getting some great startup questions on the HN thread: 
\mwseibel- The Scientific Method for Startups - feel free to join a chat on the subject here: 
\mwseibel- Want to get into tech, but dont know how to break in? Subscribe to the #BreakingIntoStartups Podcast #Everest10x 
\mwseibel- What’s the Second Job of a Startup CEO? 
\mwseibel- Check out the YC Holiday Gift Guide - 
\mwseibel- Boom!!! 
\mwseibel- I love this!!! 
\mwseibel- Is this happening to anyone else? 
\mwseibel- Cool new product from True Link: “Why True Link is launching an investment division today” by Kai Stinchcombe 
\mwseibel- Why VCs sometimes push companies to burn too fast 
\mwseibel- Amazing documentary - please watch and support the Dreamers - 
\mwseibel- I love this and I hope he felt the message @HamiltonMusical @BrandonVDixon 
\mwseibel- Launching a new Visiting Partners program and announcing new PTPs: Welcome Aaron, Gustaf, Lyle, Immad and Marcus - 
\mwseibel- The Smart Garden: Your solution for better food., via @Kickstarter - love these guys! 
\mwseibel- Great content at #AfroTech16 
\mwseibel- Future YC founders :) #FairnessMatters16 
\mwseibel- I love strong teams with great technical cofounders - no matter what industry/vertical! 
\mwseibel- #Boom - With 12K engineers screened, Triplebyte says its skills-based recruiting platform is working via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Boom - vote by mail complete :) fingers crossed... 
\mwseibel- Congrats to the ~500 teams invited to YC interviews for w2017 - to all the teams who didn't quite make it - stay strong and keep pushing! 
\mwseibel- Congrats @garrytan - epic work! 
\mwseibel- Very interesting... “Why I’m Teaching Twitch to Predict the Future” by Danny Hernandez 
\mwseibel- great post :) 
\mwseibel- YC is hiring and Investment Associate - please apply here if you are interested 
\mwseibel- Recap of YCs Lagos trip @ycombinator thanks @MaggieFick 
\mwseibel- Boom! YC companies are kicking butt and taking names: 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- Just had to block off 62 hrs over the next 3 weeks for reading yc applications and doing video interviews #yccrunchtime 
\mwseibel- So many people email to ask me if they should apply to YC - 99.9999999% of the time the answer is yes 
\mwseibel- Great post on all the hard tech we fund :) 
\mwseibel- Good bye Nigeria - this was one of the best trips of my life 
\mwseibel- Feel free to ask me questions 
\mwseibel- Felabration #ycworldtour 
\mwseibel- Great event at Lagos Business School 
\mwseibel- Great post for all international founders to read 
\mwseibel- Boom! JTV mafia is killing it! @FortuneMagazine 
\mwseibel- Ask a Female Engineer: Joining a Startup · The Macro 
\mwseibel- Phone calls and emails done!!!! Packing for Lagos, Nigeria - 4:45pm flight :) #ycworldtour 
\mwseibel- My new blog post on how to get press for your startup 
\mwseibel- So many potential founders at #startupschool 
\mwseibel- Thanks for getting me out here sir - wouldn't be here without you! 
\mwseibel- Some very cool news :) 
\mwseibel- Introducing Ask a Female Engineer · The Macro 
\mwseibel- Boom watch out? 
\mwseibel- Boom - love these guys! 
\mwseibel- Closing down the YCSF office with @snowmaker and @amybue - reminds me of my startup days :) 
\mwseibel- 
\mwseibel- Boom my @thehaywheel order just came through - excited!!! 
\mwseibel- Great advice for fundraising online by YC partner Jared Friedman (@snowmaker): 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- Awesome! 
\mwseibel- Damn - my little bro is off to college at MIT today 
\mwseibel- Boom - YC demo day is today and tomorrow - good luck to all the great teams #YC #YCS2016 
\mwseibel- My new blog post on avoiding users you don't want - feel free to share and ask me any questions you like! 
\mwseibel- Love that feeling when you've talked to founders, killed your todo list, email is under control, and you've hit the gym - great monday!!! 
\mwseibel- My new blog post for founders and product folks - please let me know what you think! 
\mwseibel- New blog post - how to pitch your company 
\mwseibel- Truth 
\mwseibel- Answers to some interesting questions :) 
\mwseibel- My new blog post :) - read and share! 
\mwseibel- Boom - 11 hours of office hours complete - great day!!! #yc4tw 
\mwseibel- Is there any easy way to test a class 2 medical device on humans before getting FDA approval? Asking for a startup I know. 
\mwseibel- New blog post on product market fit - read and share :) 
\mwseibel- Apply for YC open office hours for under-represented founders - deadline this Tuesday - please retweet and share - 
\mwseibel- Boom!!! 
\mwseibel- Boom! Love these guys! 
\mwseibel- Boom! Love these guys! 
\mwseibel- Switched from sunrise to google calendar today - so sad :( 
\mwseibel- Thank you @JustFlipIt 
\mwseibel- Boom - 8 hrs of office hours complete!!!! Time to check 500 emails #newYCbatch 
\mwseibel- I love these guys and I'm a proud investor :) 
\mwseibel- I've gained early access to the new @bluesmart suitcase launch. Check it out here 
\mwseibel- Everyone always asks me what trends we see at YC - here is some data to chew on: 
\mwseibel- Technical recruiting platform Triplebyte launches engineer genome project via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- This is turning out to be one of the most productive days in the past month... its crazy what you can do in a quiet room with email :) 
\mwseibel- Old Executive Summary - wow... times flies @justinkan @eshear @kvogt @paulg @ycombinator 
\mwseibel- Interested in the working at the cross btw VC &amp; engineering, check out @645Ventures Venture Engineering Fellowship 
\mwseibel- Best tweet ever about the startup podcast episode!!!! 
\mwseibel- Sweet podcast on the early days of JTV 
\mwseibel- First half of YC interviews complete - this is looking like a fearsome batch #ycs2016 
\mwseibel- Heading to Mexico City today! So excited to be hosted by @ITAM_mx 
\mwseibel- If you didn't get a YC interview this time - keep on the grind!!! A many many many companies don't get in on their first or even second app 
\mwseibel- YC interview invites just went out - congrats to all the companies who are coming to interviews 
\mwseibel- #stupid American - thought I could buy tickets to el Classico with @viagogo - got ripped off twice - I'm out travel and Airbnb expenses 
\mwseibel- Also - if you have Barcelona favorites please let me know! 
\mwseibel- I'm in Barcelona tonight if any startups want to meet up for drinks - drop me an email michael@ycombinator.com 
\mwseibel- Uber! You used to be in Barcelona - what happened? 
\mwseibel- Reading YC apps like crazy!!!! So many interesting and new ideas... 
\mwseibel- Boom another YC batch is over - best one yet - so much fun to work with - group 1 for life @justinkan 
\mwseibel- So much fun celebrating with Kyle, Daniel, and all the old Yscraper crew #jtvmafia #ycforlife 
\mwseibel- Wow - my first billion dollar exit as an angel investor congrats Cruise! Kyle and Daniel - you destroyed it! 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- Check out my comment on @ProductHuntLIVE 
\mwseibel- this is a great article for any programmer who is preparing for as interview @ammonbartram @luckwi @Harjeet 
\mwseibel- Doing a live AMA on product hunt at 10am Pacific - feel free to ask me the tough questions &lt;smile&gt; 
\mwseibel- Anyone else having problems with Google products when using Comcast internet? 
\mwseibel- Really great interview with @paulg by @harris and @KatManalac - 
\mwseibel- Last day to sign up for YC International Open Office Hours - please spread the word! 
\mwseibel- I wish the news was more like this: 
\mwseibel- I wish the news was more like this: 
\mwseibel- New blog post - my letter to college students - perhaps this is timed to my little bother applying for university 
\mwseibel- Something cool for pet owners: 
\mwseibel- Who Is A VC? via techcrunch - great article 
\mwseibel- Wow - I really love talking to founders - it's just fun :) 
\mwseibel- 13 leaders aiming to increase African Americans in tech - great article by @jguynn 
\mwseibel- YC's Female Founders Conference is coming up soon. All women interested in startups should try to attend. 
\mwseibel- YC Fellowship V2 
\mwseibel- This is a great read for startups with less than 1 year of runway: 
\mwseibel- I'm spending the next 2 hrs answers startup questions live at Hackernews: :) 
\mwseibel- Important article 
\mwseibel- Boom #ychardware @ycombinator 
\mwseibel- The first YC Hardware Conference @ycombinator @GetBellaBeat @Pebble @bluesmart @DoubleRobotics - nice work @liseman ! 
\mwseibel- .@rideChariot is crowdfunding new routes from the Sunset: and from Russian Hill/N. Beach: 
\mwseibel- YC Winter 2016 College Tour - come find us! 
\mwseibel- .@Bevel making moves and introducing a Trimmer. Proud to support this amazing company! #BevelWorks #ShapeYourLegacy 
\mwseibel- Are people still at CES? 
\mwseibel- Next YC open office hours are on Jan 28, Help spread the word! Applications close tomorrow: Apply here: 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator Expands Open Office Hours To A Different Community Every Month, Starting With via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- “Who Y Combinator Companies Want” by Ammon Bartram 
\mwseibel- Boom! 
\mwseibel- New blog post on splitting founder equity 
\mwseibel- How I act in a meeting/hotel/conference/restaurant/Uber/etc affects what people think of black folks #whitespaces - 
\mwseibel- I guess this is my first blog post: How to ask for advice by @mwseibel 
\mwseibel- My top ten pieces of advice for preparing for a YC Interview, good luck! 
\mwseibel- Love this RFK quote: There are those that look at things the way they are, and ask why? I dream of things that never were, and ask why not? 
\mwseibel- Can Y Combinator find its next 'unicorn' in a hardware startup? via @FortuneMagazine 
\mwseibel- BIG news from @ridechariot: now reserve a seat on your chariot with their 1st native iOS app: 
\mwseibel- Check this out: 
\mwseibel- So happy to launch YC Open Office Hours for underrepresented founders: 
\mwseibel- We are at 88 miles from gates - anyone ahead of us? 
\mwseibel- 90 mile line for burning man :( 
\mwseibel- YC stats - YC is growing :) 
\mwseibel- Meet Y Combinator's New COO via @FortuneMagazine 
\mwseibel- Basically @nebia is the best shower ever - I've used a prototype for about a week and a half and I love it!!! 
\mwseibel- "How to Succeed as a Foreign Founder in Silicon Valley" by @VCSerge on @LinkedIn 
\mwseibel- More news from TripleByte - Take-home interviews 
\mwseibel- Amazon partners with Andreessen Horowitz and Y Combinator on a new marketplace for startups via @VentureBeat 
\mwseibel- Strip all marketing speech from the description of your company. It's impossible to sell me if I don't understand what you are selling. 
\mwseibel- Chicken or the egg? Investor or tech co-founder? Most often tech co-founder comes first. Not sure about the chicken or the egg... 
\mwseibel- Once you have a team in place - build and launch an MVP - its much harder to raise money without a launched MVP 
\mwseibel- If you need a tech co-founder make a list of the top 5 tech people you know and ask them to join as equal partners - make them say yes or no 
\mwseibel- Two big mistakes I see founders making: outsourcing tech or giving the tech co-founder too little equity, these are huge investor red flags 
\mwseibel- Often a meeting isn't the goal, it's to get feedback or an intro. If you wait for a meeting to make the ask, you might never get a chance. 
\mwseibel- Come KICK IT at a great @CODE2040 party on August 1st supporting diversity in tech! Buy your tickets today: 
\mwseibel- Mark my word - this is how the majority of YC company engineers will be hired within 5 years 
\mwseibel- I love it when I can lean in and truly move the ball for a great startup. Last 24 hrs has been so much fun :) 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator Just Introduced a New Program to Reach Up to “1,000” Companies Per via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Need an excuse (and money) to quit your job and start your startup - now you have one: 
\mwseibel- Boom! Couldn't have said it better myself :) 
\mwseibel- Just starting your startup and not sure if you are ready for YC, apply for the YC Fellowship this week, pls retweet! 
\mwseibel- Afrostream Is Netflix For African And African-American Movies via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- The 3 Percent – Why Tech Has A Diversity Problem via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- great breakdown of hardware past, present, and future from @robconeybeer - 
\mwseibel- Having a great time at #FortuneTech telling folks about all of our great YC companies :) 
\mwseibel- So many people would have made money had they just replied in my intro and taken a meeting with Brian - YC did! 
\mwseibel- I just funded a life-saving home with @newstorycharity - you can too! 
\mwseibel- Allstar new product - I'm a user! @trygigster 
\mwseibel- 19% of YC companies in this batch have at least one black or latin founder @sama @ycombinator 
\mwseibel- Millennials to Eden: ‘Can you help my mom use her smartphone?’ via @SFGate 
\mwseibel- America needs prime minister questions, it would force the congress and the executive to actually talk to one another 
\mwseibel- I just gave AAPL as an investment gift and I loved it! #sparkgift 
\mwseibel- Thanks so much for having me :) @karliekrieger @StartupGrind @pivotallabs @DerekjAndersen 
\mwseibel- YC prototype day today, each company presents to the batch for 1.5 mins. Couple tips on crafting an elevator pitch 
\mwseibel- Want your phone to run 10x faster - turn on "reduce motion" in general -&gt; accessibility 
\mwseibel- Speaking at Startup Grind tomorrow - really looking forward to it :) 
\mwseibel- Really enjoyed using Homepolish to decorate my apartment - I recommend the service to everyone 
\mwseibel- Three hundred programming interviews in thirty days 
\mwseibel- Sharing personal stories and encouraging more minorities to become a part of the tech world 
\mwseibel- Truth 
\mwseibel- Great tech diversity event today hosted by @KaporCenter @whitehouseostp @Airbnb @vj44 and @smithmegan 
\mwseibel- Cool story about Linkin Park starting to investing, they visited us at YC a couple months back @mashable @linkinpark 
\mwseibel- My friends at @GetBellaBeat just launched their new #smartjewelry The #LEAF. Check it out: 
\mwseibel- Great game! 
\mwseibel- Former YC Partner Harj Taggar Is Building The New Technical Hiring Pipeline With TripleByte via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Work at a YC Startup v2 
\mwseibel- Spent last night discussing diversity in venture capital with Jesse Jackson, @shervin, @kerby, and others... 
\mwseibel- Need advice - if you are a small business and you want to launch/sell a product or service online - what platforms can you use? ie: Shopify 
\mwseibel- Great Airbnb video by @TIME - thanks for th shoutout @bchesky 
\mwseibel- Tim Cook: Pro-discrimination ‘religious freedom’ laws are dangerous 
\mwseibel- Watching David Drummond interview @VanJones68 - thank you @basevc and Andrea Hoffman 
\mwseibel- Demo day is a wrap - we start reading applications for the next batch this weekend :) #ycombinator 
\mwseibel- I love this startup! #ycombinator 
\mwseibel- Demo day practice complete - headed for bed - alumni demo day tomorrow! 
\mwseibel- DWP is a YC Company! - The Detroit Water Project Connects Donors To Unpaid Water Bills via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- YC Stats - Winter 2015 
\mwseibel- Boom - here comes Sxsw... It's been a while :) 
\mwseibel- Callr Releases A Mobile App To Make Conference Calls Less Of A Hassle via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Doing an AMA with @blackfounders - please feel free to ask me anything :) #AskYCMichael 
\mwseibel- Just did an AMA on applying to YC for an Italian startup group - so much fun! Doing my next AMA with @blackfounders on Monday! 
\mwseibel- I'm at the Launch festival :) 
\mwseibel- Telefónica will provide connectivity to Bluesmart’s smart suitcase via @thenextweb (Go YC!) 
\mwseibel- Doing an event at SXSW - feel free to drop by :) - "Starting Your Business" via @eventbrite 
\mwseibel- Trying To Hire A Diverse Team Of Engineers? It’s Not Just A Pipeline Issue via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Early YC Alums Rethink The College Summer Internship With New Program For Students via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- 38 Black Entrepreneurs Share Their Origin Stories: 
\mwseibel- Perceptiv’s SHIFT Turns Drones Into Smart Dollies For Filmmakers via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Watch the videos from the YC Female Founders Conference 
\mwseibel- YC Demographics 
\mwseibel- East of Palo Alto’s Eden via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- First YC meeting!!! 
\mwseibel- Just did a Cruise self driving car testdrive and it was great! Kyle and team are killing it! 
\mwseibel- Shout out to @bevel and @tristanwalker - you are literally saving my face! #bestrazorever 
\mwseibel- Ben Jealous keynote at the Level Playing Field Institute #diversityintech @LPFI @BenJealous 
\mwseibel- Al Gore at the Level Playing Field Institute #diversityintech @LPFI @algore 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator makes push for diversity via @CNNMoney 
\mwseibel- Hoping to a ton of outreach for YC - via @usatoday 
\mwseibel- Its official - I'm now a full time partner at Y Combinator - via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Talking about diversity in tech - #techdiversity 
\mwseibel- 4 hrs in can't get at @TurkishAirlines on the phone help with my lost iPad - their team at the Barcelona airport refuses to answer the phone 
\mwseibel- Anyone know anybody who works at @TurkishAirlines - left my iPad on a flight and after calling every number I can find - zero help at all 
\mwseibel- Going to Istanbul in 3 days - looking forward to meeting YC applicants and great startups in general! 
\mwseibel- For all the startups in Rome - I'll be there for a week starting on sept 4th - someone should arrange a meetup and invite everyone to come 
\mwseibel- Currently in Bologna - if there are startup here who want to meet up email me at michael@ycombinator.com 
\mwseibel- Anyone have friends (or know startups) in Venice, Bologna, Naples, Rome, or Siena? I will be traveling through Italy over the next 2 weeks. 
\mwseibel- YC Portfolio Stats 
\mwseibel- A month at Y Combinator: What it’s like after you’ve been accepted via @thenextweb 
\mwseibel- #IBelieveThatWeWillWin 
\mwseibel- Thank you to all the YC S2014 applicants - you were all amazing - it was truly an honor to meet so many of you 
\mwseibel- Launch, grow, grow faster - the 3 best and most often given pieces of advice at YC :) 
\mwseibel- - just launched a new product at Autodesk - group messaging for the workplace :) 
\mwseibel- Autodesk Launches Instant Mobile Messaging App For Enterprise Users via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Help send $100,000 to new entrepreneurs in Africa with @ZidishaInc. $10 donated for every tweet or RT: #zidisha 
\mwseibel- #12yearsaslave 
\mwseibel- #Cheers to #nyc2013!! by Bonita™ Official - 
\mwseibel- The DkF Boys - Megaphone #Golf Fun !!!! by iDaleeeO DkF - 
\mwseibel- Sushi on fire by Stoney Hayhurst - 
\mwseibel- 
\mwseibel- Busted. Look who I caught in the market! @Michael Seibel by Chef Russell Jackson - 
\mwseibel- Obama Speaks on Syria by New York Times: U.S. News - 
\mwseibel- Socialcam Office by Michael Seibel - 
\mwseibel- Five years on and I still have the same mobile connectivity problem by Ewan MacLeod - 
\mwseibel- Sanchez Is The (Wo)Man. by 60 Second Sports - 
\mwseibel- 569. The woman language translator - by Best of YouTube - 
\mwseibel- I was expecting deep fried late night munchies. I got squirming octopus legs instead. by Ben Goldhaber - 
\mwseibel- Rob's 1994 Camero by David Seibel - 
\mwseibel- Asparagus with Morels and Tarragon by The Minimalist - 
\mwseibel- Jake and Amir: Baby Bjorn 
\mwseibel- Osmanbey, Istanbul TURKEY by Look! erdalisikak - 
\mwseibel- Pazar Ogleden Sonra by Fırat Ertem - 
\mwseibel- Foiled Proof by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- The Order of Operations is Wrong by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- #pause &amp; take a moment in #socialcam by Alan Taylor-Shearer - 
\mwseibel- Taksim Gezi 2 
\mwseibel- Kayak camp 1 by Ammon Bartram - 
\mwseibel- FOOD CURATED: The Makings of a Good Fishmonger: The Lobster Place Seafood Market by Food. Curated. - 
\mwseibel- 566. Packing like a Pro - by Best of YouTube - 
\mwseibel- Sea hunter trip. Striper Bass by David Seibel - 
\mwseibel- What I do when I'm bored !!!!!!! (star-spangled-banner) :P by Prashant Murthy - 
\mwseibel- Relaxing in the backyard by Michael Seibel - 
\mwseibel- Relaxing in the backyard 
\mwseibel- FOOD CURATED: Renaissance Sausage by Food. Curated. - 
\mwseibel- เคยเห็น แม่เหล็ก แบบนี้ปะ by Berm Phuket =FB,TW,Pinterest,Line - 
\mwseibel- X Games Rallycross: Taste of Barcelona by Driving Sports TV - 
\mwseibel- VENDY AWARDS: Honest Tom's Taco Shop: Real Flavors From the Farm to Your Taco by Food. Curated. - 
\mwseibel- We did it! by Socialcam Team - 
\mwseibel- Disc Golf: 15 holes-in-one by Shy Mukerjee - 
\mwseibel- Jake and Amir: One Almond by Jake &amp; Amir - 
\mwseibel- VENDY AWARDS: Denise's Soul Food Truck: Where the Caribbean Meets the Deep South by Food. Curated. - 
\mwseibel- 561. Reversed laminar flow - by Best of YouTube - 
\mwseibel- Y Combinator Adds Five Part-Time Partners via @techcrunch 
\mwseibel- Penguins Start Second Round Off Right. by 60 Second Sports - 
\mwseibel- Kevin's 5 Year Anniversary @TwitchTV by Amber Dalton - 
\mwseibel- My Homie Justin Eldridge Has Got Some KRAZY Skillz With His ROOMERANG !! Haha 🍕 #LAKAI - 
\mwseibel- Joey Brezinski hyping Chris Roberts up. by Andale Bearings - 
\mwseibel- Warriors Finally Beat Spurs At Home. by 60 Second Sports - 
\mwseibel- 14 Year Old Tianlang Guan At The Masters by 60 Second Sports - 
\mwseibel- South Florida ☀ by iDaleeeO DkF - 
\mwseibel- MSG Contest! @Ammon Bartram @Michael Siebel @Chen Pang @Romain Tholimet @Murray Clement @Guillaume L - 
\mwseibel- Humping and Bumping! by East Coast Vegas - 
\mwseibel- Even the galaxies Harlem shaking....lol#cute by Crystal Nemard - 
\mwseibel- The Internship (Trailer No. 2) by New Film Trailers - 
\mwseibel- White House Down (Trailer No. 2) by New Film Trailers - 
\mwseibel- CC:Stand-Up: John Oliver - Pigeon Indoors by Comedy Central Stand-Up - 
\mwseibel- What It’s Like Covering Congress by New York Times: U.S. News - 
\mwseibel- แม่งเจ๋งจริง !! กังนัมสไตล์ ต้องดู👍 by seki kritsana ig:sekisk - 
\mwseibel- The Tacoma Narrows Fallacy by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- FOOD CURATED: A Native NYer Makes the Case for West Coast Oysters by Food. Curated. - 
\mwseibel- NBC Meet the Press - 05-05-2013-095725 by NBC Meet The Press - 
\mwseibel- ❤ We Love Socialcam ❤ by Julia Hiller - 
\mwseibel- EXEC Friday by Justin Kan - 
\mwseibel- The Speed of Light in Glass by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- Ask Me Anything by Amanda Brown - 
\mwseibel- President Obama at White House Correspondents Dinner by White House Speeches - 
\mwseibel- It's Never Too Late to Make Pizza: Paulie Gee's by Food. Curated. - 
\mwseibel- Samaki Smokehouse &amp; The Art of Cold Smoked Salmon by Food. Curated. - 
\mwseibel- CC:Stand-Up: Pete Holmes, Katt Williams, Natasha Leggero, Bill Burr, Neal Brennan, and Eugene Mirman - 
\mwseibel- Jake and Amir: Dog by Jake &amp; Amir - 
\mwseibel- CP3 Game Winner by Tommy Nakanishi - 
\mwseibel- The Lone Ranger (Trailer No. 4) by New Film Trailers - 
\mwseibel- #MajorLazer smoke machine is crazy at #Coachella by White Menace - 
\mwseibel- YOCJ. Concert Peter Saleh conducting by David Seibel - 
\mwseibel- Nic eating treats - it's extremely deliberate. by Ross Chanin - 
\mwseibel- Bacon Marmalade: Bacony Goodness by Mistake by Food. Curated. - 
\mwseibel- North Korean Photoshop Tutorial by CollegeHumor - 
\mwseibel- The Hunger Games: Catching Fire - Exclusive Teaser Trailer by Lionsgate . - 
\mwseibel- Jeter Out Until All-Star Break by 60 Second Sports - 
\mwseibel- How to Cook a Rabbit, Part II: Rabbit Cacciatore w/Creamy Polenta by Food. Curated. - 
\mwseibel- The Wave/Particle Duality - Part 2 by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- Treating Those Injured in Boston Carnage by New York Times: U.S. News - 
\mwseibel- Star Trek Into Darkness (Trailer No. 2) by New Film Trailers - 
\mwseibel- Confirming FNS9! On #SocialCam by Chef Russell Jackson - 
\mwseibel- USTREAM at 60k on The Angel Network. Available for android and iPhone. - 
\mwseibel- CC:Stand-Up: Kristen Schaal, Lil Rel, Mark Normand, Louis C.K., Gabriel Iglesias and Maria Bamford - 
\mwseibel- The Roast of Weed by CollegeHumor - 
\mwseibel- What is the Wave/Particle Duality? Part 1 by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- 646. How Animals Eat Their Food - by Best of YouTube - 
\mwseibel- President Obama Speaks on Common-Sense Measures to Reduce Gun Violence by White House Speeches - 
\mwseibel- Office Christmas Tree - Terminated 
\mwseibel- Billy Joel sprays a hose into the crowd by Bernadette Balla - 
\mwseibel- Vote for Socialcam to win a Webby Award! by Socialcam Team - 
\mwseibel- The Kings of Summer (Trailer No. 1) by New Film Trailers - 
\mwseibel- #SCDSecret Contest by Chef Russell Jackson - 
\mwseibel- Socialcam @TheWebbyAwards #webbys by The Roxie - 
\mwseibel- Suit and Tie!!! by Joe Cleveland - 
\mwseibel- SocialCam Webby Award !!!!! VOTE by iDaleeeO DkF - 
\mwseibel- #VOTE #now !🙀 #webbys #webbyawards WE WANT TO BE WINNERS NOT NOMINEES! 5% is no good! - 
\mwseibel- #Socialcam #webbyawards VOTE!!!!! by Jen ♡ Sparks - 
\mwseibel- Ye Olde Debunking by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- Why is it Dark at Night? by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- E=mc² is Incomplete by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- Common Physics Misconceptions by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- Is it Better to Walk or Run in the Rain? by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- Immovable Object vs. Unstoppable Force - Which Wins? by 1 Minute Physics - 
\mwseibel- TED: Lawrence Lessig: We the People, and the Republic we must reclaim - Lawrence Lessig (2013) - 
\mwseibel- One of my favorite appetizers at Wolfgang Puck , Hotel Bel Air. by Christophe Choo - 
\mwseibel- NBC Nightly News - 04-09-2013-171103 by NBC Nightly News - 
\mwseibel- Promised Land Trailer by New Film Trailers - 
\mwseibel- All That You Need (Viber) by Mali Music - 
\mwseibel- The Louisville Cardinals Win The National Championship. by 60 Second Sports - 
\mwseibel- 14 Year Old Tianlang Guan At The Masters by 60 Second Sports - 
\mwseibel- Ice Cream Cold by ✨Lisa Knowles✨ - 
\mwseibel- When I Was Your Man (Female Version) by Emily Cristine - 
\mwseibel- A message to Roxie from Kioken. by East Coast Vegas - 
\mwseibel- 633. Glass horse made in seconds - by Best of YouTube - 
\mwseibel- #SanFrancisco #socialcam #meetup #BlackMedia #Sunny by Honey Badger - 
\mwseibel- behind scenes: my green room at the Rachael Ray show! by Mario Armstrong - 
\mwseibel- 644. Unloading a truck - by Best of YouTube - 
\mwseibel- Bill Withers Ain't No Sunshine #Dancing #HipHop by Levin Evans - 
\mwseibel- Felix Cartal vs. Kaskade Eyes @RubySkyeSF by Ishan Verma - 
\mwseibel- 
\mwseibel- 
\mwseibel- London fireworks 2013 by Jurgen van Otten - 
\mwseibel- Take Charge Save Par!!!! by Shane Battier - 
\mwseibel- Swedish House Mafia Saves LA #edm #fuckingawesome #music #love by PAZ // - 
\mwseibel- Pepsi Jeff Gordon Prank by MGM ENTERTAINMENTS - 
\mwseibel- Cuz I'm a kid at heart by The Roxie - 
\mwseibel- Cypress hill in Switzerland .. We're high as hell by Cypress Hill - 
\mwseibel- If animals were fat... by Bertus Grobbelaar - Gysie - 
\mwseibel- Stop and Stare by Elayne Sisk - 
\mwseibel- dalèO Alligator Story Check In by iDaleeeO DkF - 
\mwseibel- Happy Dog by Honey Badger - 
\mwseibel- Desert at Gaonnuri Korean BBQ. 39 th floor, 1250 Broadway, NYC by David Seibel - 
\mwseibel- Estelle killin it!!!! by Isaac Carree - 
\mwseibel- Luda serenades the bride! Lol by Isaac Carree - 
\mwseibel- Tyrese at the reception! by Isaac Carree - 
\mwseibel- Big Christmas Tree NYC by Michael Seibel - 
\mwseibel- My Thailand Adventure 
\mwseibel- Bruno Mars-Full Cover :) by CaTrina Brooks - 
\mwseibel- Momma's Eyes by G. Love - 
\mwseibel- Socialcam's new Android App! by Socialcam Team - 
\mwseibel- Thank you for all the congratulations &amp; my personal message to you! by Mario Armstrong - 
\mwseibel- Socialcam update for Android and iOS! by The Roxie - 
\mwseibel- being a part of this legendary moment at #ICMS #HarlemShake #IngridAvenue by Teddy Sentosa - 
\mwseibel- Harlem shake👍😂 by Jamie Lappe - 
\mwseibel- The #BayLights Live from SF by Naureen (nora) Nayyar - 
\mwseibel- Coach Rick Blending "AJayi Pads" &amp; "Mayweather Mittwork" by James Coward - 
\mwseibel- #NewApp #Socialcam #Thursday Checkin by Jen ♡ Sparks - 
\mwseibel- #checkin #feedback #yourapp by Jen ♡ Sparks - 
\mwseibel- #yourapp My suggestion to the #sc team by Natasha ☀ Sunshine - 
\mwseibel- #YourApp by ChurchGurlMusic - 
\mwseibel- Warriors COME OUT AND PLAY by Will Kirkpatrick - 
\mwseibel- Me and JK ordering our food SANGIN!! by Aaron Camper - 
\mwseibel- Me and JK ordering our food SANGIN!! by Aaron Camper - 
\mwseibel- Fire Dancer - Cozumel by Amber Dalton - 
\mwseibel- Harlem shake โดย ก้า by Ple_Nakorn Silachai - 
\mwseibel- Miami Heat v Lakers by Michael Seibel - 
\mwseibel- Nemo snow 2 by David Seibel - 
\mwseibel- Miami Heat v Lakers 
\mwseibel- Ravens Food all laid out &amp; explained! by Mario Armstrong - 
\mwseibel- Happy birthday dad! by Justin Kan - 
\mwseibel- Fly by at 20mph by MGM ENTERTAINMENTS - 
\mwseibel- Fly by at 20mph by MGM ENTERTAINMENTS - 
\mwseibel- Ben is getting back work on his bike by Mehdi Ait Oufkir - 
\mwseibel- Socialcam Founder Michael Seibel On Giving (Video) Power to the People: 
\mwseibel- Piano stair bomb by Mr Skulleeroz - 
\mwseibel- #GangnamStyle Obama Style by MGM ENTERTAINMENTS - 
\mwseibel- Ammon Attempts a Daring Rescue by Murray Clement - 
\mwseibel- Launch to a big adventure. by DC SubCultureDining - 
\mwseibel- DO U FILTERS BRAH? by Mark Vaughn - 
\mwseibel- Frost Woods Oaks toppled by Superstorm Sandy by David Seibel - 
\mwseibel- Superstorm sandy knocked down huge trees in Frost Woods by David Seibel - 
\mwseibel- Snow by Ammon Bartram - 
\mwseibel- Big Christmas Tree NYC 
\mwseibel- Socialcam Office 
\mwseibel- Cool @Asus Win8 Touchscreen laptop only $599 by Mario Armstrong - 
\mwseibel- Watch &amp; possibly win a Sony Ultrabook laptop tonite on twitter 7p EST #StaplesHoliday - 
\mwseibel- SF Anti-Bullying Campaign 
\mwseibel- City of San Francisco event at Socialcam 
\mwseibel- Post Ranch Inn by Michael Seibel - 
\mwseibel- Post Ranch Inn 
\mwseibel- At the game #steelernation by Bob Buskirk - 
\mwseibel- Sunset 
\mwseibel- RedBull flying contest 
\mwseibel- On a boat! 
\mwseibel- Guillaume's new setup by Ammon Bartram - 
\mwseibel- Mellie does cliff jump at mile marker 11 (headed to Hana) by Jarrett Streebin - 
